Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.
Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.
Shares of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market, rose more than 2 percent.
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.
As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
Magnarelli said Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war.
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.
Duque will return to Earth Oct. 27 with the station's current crew, U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents.
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.
A former teammate, Carlton Dotson, has been charged with the murder.
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
The battles marked day four of a U.S. sweep to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein's fallen regime.
The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.
Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 128 points, or 1.4%, at 9073, while the Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 2.1%, to 1610.
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
"We're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses."
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
This Palm OS smart phone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne.
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.
Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
A day earlier, a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death.
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.
"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.
Unable to find a home for him, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.
The resulting lists led toa CBS special, AFI's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night.
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks.
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
On Friday, the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions.
Prosecutors said Paracha, if convicted, could face at least 17 years in prison.
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums, Apple said.
The ECB has cut interest rates six times over that period, from 4.75 percent in October 2000 to 2.5 percent.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
The loonie, meanwhile, continued to slip in early trading Friday.
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users.
Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name, based on the sessions.
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.
And if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
"His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable," Jack said Tuesday afternoon.
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service, the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB.
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.
They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease.
Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight.
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."
"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
Among Fox viewers, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
Friday, Stanford (47-15) blanked the Gamecocks 8-0.
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 as of 3:59 p.m.
At the time federal investigators were looking into how CFSB allocated shares of initial public stock offerings.
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $4.4 billion--double that of five years earlier.
The Securities and Exchange Commission brought a related civil case on Thursday.
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents.
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
In a televised interview on Wednesday, ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone.
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta _ including a blast at the 1996 Olympics _ along with the bombing in Alabama.
They were found in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week.
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.
The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.
In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
"This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," said Andres Rivera Jr., who was also on the bus.
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.
The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.
The agent, Bassem Youssef, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
Later in the day, a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," Lieberman said.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
Even without call center requests, companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.
ONG KONG, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
U.S. Airways ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats, it said in a release.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.
Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers.
"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger.
Singer Brandy and her husband, Robert Smith, have called it quits.
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.
On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson said it was "inconceivable" that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1,500 workers, including 1,100 mechanics.
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
With the exception of dancing, physical activity did not decrease the risk.
The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.
A hearing on the matter was held Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court, marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.
Arts helped coach the youth on an eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay.
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
At 8 a.m. Friday, San Joaquin County Sheriff's deputies found the body of Adan Avalos, 37.
Technology stocks make up 42 percent of the Nasdaq, which fell 49.95 points, or 2.9 percent, to 1,698.02.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
A $500 million natural-gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.
On Sunday, the experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States.
Shares of AstraZeneca AZN.N , Europe's second biggest drugmaker, rose 3.71 percent to close at $43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.
Along with chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others.
Officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices, hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire's path.
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived," Mr. Sprayregen said.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent" growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.
Eighty-six seriously wounded U.N. workers were airlifted out for medical care.
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.
Phone calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.
Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's Corp. founder Ray Kroc, died Sunday after a brief bout with brain cancer.
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
A Lamar mother arrested Saturday in Colorado Springs is accused of drowning her two children in a bathtub before slitting her wrists.
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
The calculation shows that the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza have exceeded the usual number for recent weeks.
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
The state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff.
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.
At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1.
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said in a statement.
Even later in life, he was still cashing in: lately, he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads: "Pray for Eric Rudolph."
In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
Strikingly, the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton.
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
From July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
The 20 master computers are located in the United States, Canada and Korea, Mr. Kuo said.
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.
Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service.
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station.
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
Between 50 and 100 persons die annually from these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: "Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough.
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.
The captain, Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.
Since then, police divers have searched nearby parts of Long Island Sound looking for the remaining three.
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.
In December, he anticipated growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $154 billion.
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
"Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war [against Islam]."
With these assets, Funny Cide has a solid chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
From California, Bush flies to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.
The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said the official.
In court papers filed Tuesday, Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom's use of the name, saying he had never given his consent for it to be used.
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
They weighed an average 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."
Media Editor Jon Friedman contributed to this story.
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.
The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $450,000 from the ARB.
Against the Swiss franc CHF= , the dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.
Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.
"Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state," Mr Berlusconi said.
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".
The euro tagged another record high against the dollar on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.
The moment of reckoning has arrived for this West African country founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century.
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.
He made a point of saying during Tuesdays debate that the Confederate flag was a racist symbol.
In early U.S. trade, the euro was down 1.06 percent at $1.1607 <EUR=>.
"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.
Also Tuesday, a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
Hunt's attorneys filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt's murder conviction thrown out.
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.
That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years," said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.
Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well, with some aspects, including the communication system linking various agencies, working better than expected.
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.
Three-year-old Jaryd Atadero vanished on Oct. 2, 1999 while on a hiking trip with a church group.
A DOD team is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach.
Parrado's aunt believes her nephew, who has served a prison sentence in Cuba, will be persecuted if he is repatriated.
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.
Per-user pricing is $29 for Workplace Messaging, $89 for Team Collaboration and $35 for Collaborative Learning.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.
"It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM," she said.
SARS has killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November.
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 23.45 points, or 1.44 percent, to end at 1,603.97, based on the latest data.
The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.
"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force," said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies.
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and companion Fran Walsh arrive at the 74th Annual Academy Awards.
Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an "outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda."
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.
AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs.
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
"We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston," Lincoln said.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.
Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.
Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.
He said he had made it "very plain" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Park Place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision.
He has also served on the president's Homeland Security Advisory Council.
Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.
"And if there is a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is.
After losing as much as 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45.
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
A key to that effort was the company's introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.
ECUSA is the U.S. branch of the 70 million-member Anglican Communion.
The word Advent, from Latin, means "the coming."
The companies said "it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."
Another brother, Ali Imron, was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse.
Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.
Rumsfeld, who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership, passed over nine active-duty four-star generals.
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans.
Attorney John Barnett, who represents Morse, showed photos of a scratch on Morse's neck and the officer's bloody ear.
The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket.
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.
"This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said.
In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58, or 0.1 percent, at 9,381.79.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
The decision could also prove useful in the "war on terrorism".
Currently, the state's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.
In the first stage of the attack, the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky.
However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites.
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.
"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.
Likewise, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
China has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who breaks their quarantine and intentionally spreads the killer SARS virus.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town.
An officer in the People's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14, Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm.
The Yankees, however, had big trouble handling Victor Zambrano (4-4) for the second straight time.
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.
Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement.
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.
He has no immediate plans for television advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.
"I think it happened very quickly," Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a separate hearing Thursday.
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."
Tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
This week's tour will take Bush to Senegal, South Africa, Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria, and is aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic.
"But they never climb out of the pot of beer again."
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
"Beginning; early stages; not life-threatening; treatable," he said at a news conference at the Capitol.
Oracle's offer "undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders," PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said.
Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $25,000 bond.
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
It was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season.
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.
The report released Monday simply says, This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue.
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
History will remember the University of Washington's Dr. Belding Scribner as the man who has saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately.
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss, Akhmad Kadyrov, is on the campaign trail.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts.
Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.
Sen. Bob Graham, Florida Democrat, raised $2 million after getting a late start.
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.
Top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits, according to a survey released Monday.
Massachusetts is one of 12 states that does not have the death penalty, having abolished capital punishment in 1984.
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
HP's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell.
Recall advocates say they have turned in 1.6 million signatures to counties.
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson (nasdaq: QCOM - news - people) scrambled up $2.19, or almost 12 percent, to $20.59.
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions, but President Bill Clinton vetoed them.
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
At his sentencing, Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.
McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof her cocaine use caused the child's death.
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it has succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.
"In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.
The court then stayed that injunction, pending an appeal by the Canadian company.
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.
Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.
The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment."
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.
Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos."
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said.
The goal will be to reduce congestion by upgrading road, building tollways, facilitating public transit or any other means to improve mobility.
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.
In recent years, Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble, facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft.
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.
But Amrozi did not reveal and was not asked the company's or his boss's name.
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months.
She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area.
PeopleSoft gained 94 cents, or 5.5 percent, to $18.09.
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.
A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.
"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.
Reuters reported Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report, and the Rev. Al Sharpton reported $12,061 in the bank.
After learning she would no longer get an experimental drug that treated her severe peanut allergy, Allison Smith reacted with panic.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
Against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT.
Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 marines.
Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again, according to the letter.
Shares of Berkeley, California-based Xoma dropped $1.49 or 27 percent, to $4 in Instinet trading.
"Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft/J.D. Edwards transaction," PeopleSoft responded.
At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf.
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.
Treatment guidelines, many written by medical-specialty organizations, recommend approaches to many ailments, such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis.
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.
Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday.
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event included business and that some of those attending were Tyco employees.
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
The Mariners torched Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the eighth for four runs and a 12-5 bulge.
In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.
That would be a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M declined to confirm how many employees were affected.
In that same time, the S&P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.
On Monday, U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
He urged member states that contribute police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
Aside from meeting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on the sidelines of the Forum, Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov.
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.
Fires in Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal, have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.
"The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker couldn't be more wrong," Mr Howard said.
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
Crossing Jordan will be back in January after star Jill Hennessy gives birth.
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.
A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police, a court heard yesterday.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.
Among the most recent additions to the list, which to date includes more than 360 groups and individuals, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.
Second quarter sales came in at $645 million, up from $600 million the year before, AMD said.
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year, the company announced yesterday.
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.
Emeryville-based Ask Jeeves agreed to sell a business software division to a Sunnyvale-based rival, Kanisa, for $4.25 million.
"I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex."
A positive PSA test has to be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures before cancer can be confirmed.
But Mr. Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index gained 25.75 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,746.46, its highest close in about 15 months.
In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.
So far, however, only four companies have licensed the protocols, according to the report to the judge yesterday.
The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement, saying, "I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley.
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.
It got up on his personal radar screen this past week, I've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive," he said.
"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared with 14 percent for saturated fat.
However, a recent slide in prices and OPEC's expectations of a surge in oil inventories have compounded its fears about a further softening of the market.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.
Under the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.
Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.
After Mao's death in 1976, Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution.
Six vehicles, including one belonging to the army, were damaged in the powerful explosion.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.
In other words, Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.
Germany's Foreign Ministry said it believed the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein, but had no further details.
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
Appleton said police continue to hold out the possibility that more than one person was involved in the poisonings.
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
His other films include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever."
She was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail.
He acted as an international executive producer on Who Wants to be a Millionaire and The Weakest Link.
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
McCabe said he was considered a witness, not a suspect.
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.
But the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.
It wants to force him to return his allegedly ill-gotten gains, with interest, and pay penalties.
He added that those "are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Hussein hail, about 90 miles north of Baghdad, U.S. military officials said Wednesday night.
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> lost 6 points, or 0.71 percent, to 927.
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.
On Wall Street, trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City.
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja.
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.
Levin's attorney, Bo Hitchcock, declined to comment Friday.
A month ago a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded.
The Swiss franc rose nearly a third of a centime against the dollar and was last at 1.2998 <CHF=> to the greenback.
Associated Press Writers Michelle Morgante in San Diego and Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this article.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii's history, the agencies said.
She said Nelson heard someone shout, "Let's get the Jew!"
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.
For the third time in the past four years, wildfires are the problem.
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.
Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.
It forecast 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges for the year ending next March.
Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.
On Thursday, Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name "Spike TV."
A grief-stricken old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, uttering: "My child, my child."
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.
More than 400 people have been killed since August, including Afghan and foreign aid workers, U.S. and Afghan soldiers, officials and police, and many guerrillas.
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.
The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.
In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.
Researchers found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60% lower risk of Alzheimer's than those who never or rarely ate fish.
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The cleanup, including new carpeting, electrical wiring and bathrooms, cost about $130 million.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Earlier this year, the company announced a restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.
World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.
Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years, Veronique, by his side.
Holden toured Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry.
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
Officials with Rescue California, one of the groups leading the recall campaign, called the lawsuit laughable.
The agreement resolves a lawsuit AOL filed against Microsoft in January 2002 on behalf of its subsidiary, Netscape Communications.
The street-racing sequel "2 Fast 2 Furious" won the pole position at the box office, taking in an estimated $52.1 million in its opening weekend.
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.
Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday.
Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the planes.
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.
The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies, including The Seattle Times, The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business.
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.
Researchers predicted an additional 23 cases of dementia a year for every 10,000 women on the therapy.
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch."
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders.
Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.
He says that "this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Shattered Glass,"starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.
A council of up to nine Iraqis probably will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months, the U.S. civil administrator said Monday.
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.
Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys would be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them.
The numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.
With the test, Hubbard said, "I believe that we have found the smoking gun.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.
The Pentagon, saying that Boykin requested it, is investigating his remarks.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot.
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.
However, EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
Eyewitnesses told how Sally, 62, originally from Coatbridge, Lanarkshire, screamed as the escalator collapsed then sucked her in.
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort.
The United States has accused Iran of masking plans to make nuclear weapons behind a civilian nuclear programme.
A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading, according to antivirus companies.
Directed by Jonathan Lynn from a script by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson.
The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729.
"We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January," Mr. Parsons said optimistically.
Tidmarsh will compete in today's third round.
Foam flaking off from all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.
Mr Eddington described Monday's talks with union leaders as "sensible".
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.
Less than a month after departing her anchor's chair at "Dateline NBC," Jane Pauley has signed a new deal with NBC to host a syndicated daytime talk show.
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."
The administration cited those links as primary justification for invading Iraq and toppling the regime of Saddam Hussein.
A few hours later, the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo.
I would like to publicly thank Sir Alex Ferguson for making me the player I am today."
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.
Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.
Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.
"I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000.
Woodley, who underwent a liver transplant in 1992, died of liver and kidney failure.
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list.
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
Those findings, published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association, are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy.
A view of the devastation left behind when a man drove his car through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica on Wednesday.
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."
Right now, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well.
"This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally."
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 26/32, taking its yield to 4.17 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.
But SCO has hit back, saying: "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model.
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.
If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.
In Falluja on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven.
Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."
"If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem."
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda, which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing.
If achieved it would represent an increase of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago.
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe's second highest per capita national debt.
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."
In the second quarter last year, the company experienced a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents a share, on sales of $600 million.
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.
A spokesman said: "Further testing is under way but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook is positive."
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
Except for a few archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.
He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, from Kate's first marriage, to film producer Jim Threapleton.
Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops.
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.
The state has received 19 entries in a competition for a World Trade Center Memorial and is working with families of victims to select a winner.
However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.
"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.
U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell.
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."
But for more than a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
The constitutionality of outlawing partial birth abortion is not an open question.
"It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo," Anomeritis said, referring to the quantity of explosives on board.
Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999, and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid's earnings.
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.
They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago.
It argued that such access "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines.
The Legislature on Wednesday sent Gov. Jeb Bush a bill it hopes will lower malpractice insurance rates and keep doctors from limiting their practices or moving out of state.
In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday.
American forces here organized the elections, which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq.
Negotiators talked with the boy for about an hour and a half, Bragdon said.
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "will be a compromise, like the real world requires."
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne, recovering from a quad bike crash, is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight.
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.
The face of President Saddam Hussein was added to Iraqi currency after the 1991 Gulf War.
"It's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.
The Nikkei average ended trading down 1.83 percent at 10,310.04, a four-week low.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
The center has a budget of $45 million, most of which will be spent on research and testing, Bridges said.
Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
The company reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.
Under the plan, Maine would act as a "pharmacy benefit manager" to lower the cost of prescription drugs.
"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
Nine years ago, they were married by a justice of the peace.
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night.
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices.
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
About 1,417 schools statewide receive Title I money.
If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back.
Now, nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.
The book, called "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
Robert Walsh, 40, remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus.
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.
"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.
Around 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
Starting on Saturday, every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.
"We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.
Florida's Third District Court of Appeal saidon Wednesdaythe original proceedings were "irretrievably tainted" by misconduct by lawyers representing the class.
Courant Staff Writers Matt Eagan and Ken Davis contributed to this story.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".
Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security.
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP said.
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
Regardless, its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.
BellSouth also added 654,000 net long-distance customers in the third quarter.
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI slipped 9.54 points, or 0.1 percent, at 9,558.92.
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
The winner of this year's Most Popular New Talent Logie, Goodrem first went to a specialist on Monday feeling tired and unwell.
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
J.D. Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards.
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.
"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step.
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.
Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.
The two men, whose names were not released, both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, police said.
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people.
This was around the time Congress was debating a resolution granting the President broad authority to wage war.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine, Wash., from Canada last month, two sources said.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.
Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week.
Sixty players and five coaches from the school attended the training camp in August in Preston Park, about 125 miles north of Philadelphia.
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace's comments.
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania, relatives said.
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries defied expectations on Wednesday and lowered its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November.
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
Announced last week, Apple's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week, the company announced on Monday.
"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.
The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June.
The United States finally relented during President Bush's visit to Africa earlier this month.
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.
Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said.
The federal government is approving new pesticides without basic information such as whether they harm children, says Canada's environment commissioner.
In September 2002, the nearby Gard region was hit by similar floods.
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.
Analysts had expected 53 cents a share, according to research firm Thomson First Call.
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.
But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year.
"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.
He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal.
Songs can be burned to CDs, but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple's puts the limit at ten burns.
SSE shares were little changed, up 0.3 percent at 654 pence by 1018 GMT, but analysts welcomed the move.
Shares of EDS gained $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.
The deficit is still expected to top $500 billion in 2004 -- even with an improving economy.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.
We have already found two trailers, both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons.
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available, she said.
According to the Merchant Marine Ministry, the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands.
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.
He reportedly claims Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while Harold Keke's group was armed.
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.
In an unusual move, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites.
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.
According to Sanmina-SCI, Newisys, based in Austin, Texas, will become a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
The company's shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday in federal court in Wilmington, Del., claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive learning books for toddlers and preschoolers.
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.
A divided Supreme Court ruled that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary.
One man died and 15 others were hospitalized after drinking tainted coffee following the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.
Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades.
Responding later, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said, "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.
Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died.
Goold said reporters' calls to Peterson may have been monitored.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States.
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers’ “little minds”.
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.
The G+J executive was testifying in Manhattan's State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract.
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."
By 10 p.m., Claudette was centered about 320 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
"We must not engage in borough warfare," Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 3.14 points, or 0.29 percent, to 1,071.99.
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
But to see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.
Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6.
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.
As temperatures soar above 50 degrees (120 Fahrenheit), fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.
The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."
That investigation closed without any charges being laid.
Officials at Mortazavi's office and the judiciary declined to respond to Reuters' requests for comment on the accusations.
Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express by what is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanism (Suem).
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.
"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said.
"Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage," FirstEnergy Chief Executive Peter Burg told the House panel.
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
One way or another, Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix will be in your hands by Saturday.
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which he said the United States appears unwilling to do.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
Florida's primary isn't until March 9 - following 28 other states.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," Sprayregen said.
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.
Dr. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of Defense for health affairs, said the vaccine poses little danger.
There was no way the man could hear him, but he turned in the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless.
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill.
A final decision on his fate, including the power of the death penalty, lay with President Bush.
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin.
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.
That was a reversal from a loss of $35 million, or 20 cents, a year earlier.
The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others.
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.
We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there.
Overall, students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work-force portrait shows.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
Lewis, the WBC champion, can still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent.
With 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion.
BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.
Despite their differences, U.S. and EU leaders said there were areas of agreement.
Bolland told the News of the World: “I was astonished at Sir Michael’s question.
Symbol's former chief accounting officer, Robert Korkuc, is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports.
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo contained in the play and would not allow the characters to sleep together.
A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing, were dismissed last week.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
It doesnt appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.
The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.
Meanwhile, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst alluded to an interparty political struggle: "Sounds like the Republican primary started early this year."
In Washington on Sunday, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf.
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.
Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive.
Months later, another clinic doctor, Dr. Wayne Patterson, was killed away from the clinic.
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.
"NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam."
Durst was acquitted this week in the murder of his elderly neighbor, 71-year-old Morris Black.
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.
The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence.
A total of 114 soldiers were killed in the active combat phase that began March 20.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $3.95 to $63.35, recouping some of the $14.10 it lost Monday.
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.
He said the issue of disclosing classified information about a C.I.A. officer was "a very serious matter" that should be "pursued to the fullest extent" by the Justice Department.
Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August's mark of 6.6 percent.
No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to strong and extended applause.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.
In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million.
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.
In 2002, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee took in $18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter, according to his latest Senate financial disclosure.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
In addition to HP, vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun and Veritas.
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce.
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.
In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said.
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
"They are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.
He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement.
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.
BOB HOPE, master of the one-liner and Americas favourite comedian, died with a smile on his face yesterday just months after celebrating his 100th birthday.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor's focus is on his job, not the recall petition.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder.
"He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week and is searching for a replacement for retiring co-anchor Jane Pauley.
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."
Each count has a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and $1 million fine.
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.
The dollar's slide against the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen's rise.
Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia, Boykin told another audience, "I knew my God was bigger than his.
Meester, a 20-year-old sophomore, could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.
His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.
Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante and Republican state Sen. Tom McClintock are in different political worlds.
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.
The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed, Aaron said.
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.
The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer by then, the company said.
He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.
And Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, who installed the monument in the courthouse two years ago, said he will fight to keep his job.
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.
"I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion," he said.
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.
The girl turned up late Sunday at a convenience store in East Palo Alto, about 30 miles from her home.
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
BaFin and the head of the principal finance group, Robin Saunders, were not immediately available to comment.
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.
"His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it."
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus.
Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce.
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.
Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls.
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.
Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.
A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department.
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.
Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, she said, there is a "huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States.
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.
The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.
In fiction: Edward P. Jones ("The Known World") and Scott Spencer ("A Ship Made of Paper").
"Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them."
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.
The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions, after U.S. review, on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal.
Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1.
Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain, possibly as early as today.
Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy, in Bangkok were among the targets, it said.
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer.
She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.
Hill, 50, would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor.
On Jan. 10, Shawanda Denise McCalister, who was also pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighbourhood.
It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds for months over North Korea's nuclear program and American demands that it cease.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, last year began a similar effort for nursing homes.
Scientists have reported a 90 percent decline in large predatory fish in the world's oceans since a half century ago.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 25.17, or 1.4 percent, to 1,792.07 following a loss of 26.46 the previous session.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
"He said they were in distress," said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.
No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.
The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier.
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back.
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.
A representative for Phoenix-based U-Haul declined to comment on the case before the judge's opinion was released.
Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."
As he left court, McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi, who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side.
"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
The $19.50-a-share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
It will also boost SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP's Linux business, they said.
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.
To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.
New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.
Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks.
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."
Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause.
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.
The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.
The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale.
The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today.
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years.
The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, Republican of Tennessee, said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by the end of September.
The crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide.
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.
The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson.
O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography, "Find Me," that she was "an abused child."
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision.
The poll, conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton, was taken Wednesday and Thursday.
"It is bad for Symbian," said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein.
Pressure also came last night from religious circles as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down.
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.
"He would often call me for advice," said Ronald L. Kuby, a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case.
The United States wants the measure passed by June 3, when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Late last year, for example, more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.
"I think it should have been released years ago," said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide.
Bob Richter, a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick, had no comment about the ruling.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Atlanta also refused to comment.
Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.
The comment period was to have expired on Monday.
It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company.
Oh yeah, Miami, Boston College and Syracuse leaving the Big East to take a seat in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.
They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores.
Currently, about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.
Lee said Brianna had dragged food, toys and other things into the bedroom.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.
A navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore.
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
They said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up.
"The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance," he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day, she said.
Debra Mitchell, a member of the church, said Wilson had recently lost her job.
Today, we preserve essential tools to foster voice competition in the local market.
"The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
Broomhead was assigned to 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment, based at Fort Carson.
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.
This morning, at UM's New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion.
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.
In Toronto, police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents, mostly for looting and other thefts.
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.
Other staff members, however, defended the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue.
The Senate's proposal will need the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Pataki to become law.
The stock lost about 75 percent of its value after that bombshell and remains 40 percent below pre-disclosure levels.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the top suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said.
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year's presidential elections.
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space.
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
Privately-held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus.
Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix.
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.
More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
The equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of waste thought to contain transuranic waste are stored underground at Hanford.
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.
Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed.
But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness, or say they are balanced.
Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district, allegedly accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles, the government said.
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
The Bank of England starts its two-day meeting on Wednesday, but was expected to leave British interest rates steady.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.
"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting."
"After what happened here ... it's tacky and unpatriotic," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> was down 10/32 for a yield of 4.91 percent, up from 4.89 percent late Thursday.
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
The British ambassador to the United Nations, Sir Jeremy Greenstock, is scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May.
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour.
This year, local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.
She met Lady Mary at her Double Bay home yesterday to thank her for the donation.
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent.
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.
The service also features a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.
Consolidated volume was heavy, with 2.17 billion shares traded, compared with 1.92 billion on Tuesday.
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon.
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents.
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.
Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. (nyse: JWN - news - people) jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35.
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles.
The new 25-member Governing Council's first move was to scrap holidays honoring Saddam and his party and to create a public holiday marking the day of his downfall.
Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.
"There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.
H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the exchange's special committee on governance, resigned Thursday, saying Reed should start with a "clean slate."
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
Pat Anderson, the attorney representing the parents, Bob and Mary Schindler, declined to comment.
The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.
Idaho Gem also is the first sterile animal to be cloned.
It is almost certain to exacerbate the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq.
Resigning along with Brendsel was Vaughn Clarke, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer.
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."
Associated Press Writer Curt Anderson at the Justice Department in Washington, D.C., contributed to this story.
Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N , the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.
Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of a group of six Yemeni-Americans to enter a plea agreement with the government in the case.
"We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."
"The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive," Medina said in a statement.
On Jan. 10, 20-year-old Shawanda Denise McCalister, who also was pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighborhood.
After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
"Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.
Bad publicity has already weakened sales which are highly profitable for retailers.
Turner, who held about 105 million shares before the sale, also transferred 10 million AOL shares to a charitable trust.
Several cities are competing for the headquarters, including Miami; Panama City; Atlanta; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Puebla, Mexico.
Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own; it is "in the hands of Mr Newton now", as an astronaut once put it.
Diane Lade of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel, a Tribune Publishing newspaper, contributed to this report.
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," said National Chief Executive Brian Halla.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
The National Transportation Safety Board has subpoenaed Gansas, arguing his immediate testimony remains critical to its investigation.
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.
But as more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday, killing all 75 people aboard.
But the subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.
Security forces stormed the building, but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
"With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.
The US responded coolly to the EU deadline, warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers.
Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.
Water management officials in Florida were worried about some of the already-swollen rivers and lakes, because a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding.
It was to fly a plane in the White House."
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu, AMD said.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
The tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species, said Eisenberger.
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.
This was double the $818 million reported for the first three months of 2001.
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims in this."
At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid a full point for a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month, up from 45.4 in April.
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship.
Last year, he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.
Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman's first name - and refused to reveal it.
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the day DNA testing identified the bodies.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April, the biggest monthly gain since December.
The decomposed remains of 17-year-old Max Guarino of Manhattan were found floating near City Island April 25.
Kodak earned 85 cents per share excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier.
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.
The man, Fazul Abdullah Mohammed, a Comoros islander, is on the U.S. FBI's list of most wanted suspects.
Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them.
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.
The Bluetooth SIG made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week.
Respondents who rated current business conditions as "bad" increased to 30.4% from 28.1% in June.
The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate last night, but his condition was described as “stable” and “comfortable”.
One of the FBI’s key operatives, who had a falling out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend’s closed immigration court proceeding.
He added, "I am not giving any consideration to resignation."
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
Emergency crews said some of the passengers were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.
"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.
A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day," Griffin said.
His birth on 4 May is revealed today in the journal Science.
"We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.
July Brent rose 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.
It would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland.
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.
Also helping Tokyo stocks were hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of its top economic advisory panel.
However, scientists led by physicist Frank McDonald of the University of Maryland disagree.
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail.
At midday Monday, the 10-year note US10YT=RR had slipped 12/32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.
"30 years waiting for you," read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol.
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $50-million (U.S.) earlier this year.
Catholic Church officials reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles (110 km) outside of La Paz.
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.
There was no immediate response from North Korea or the United States.
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules.
Ms Stewart, the chief executive, was not expected to attend.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday.
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.
However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days."
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49.
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.
"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights.
Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
We need to challenge old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual," he wrote.
The plea makes Grass the second high-ranking Rite Aid executive to strike a deal with federal prosecutors in the past two weeks.
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.
The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent.
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
"Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
GE stock closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
An artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone.
Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.
Larger rivals, including Tesco and Sainsbury’s, were excluded from the bid battle following a Competition Commission inquiry last month.
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.
Many compensation experts had predicted Carty would get a generous severance deal because his voluntary resignation helped keep the concessions deals in place.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.
Nine traffic deaths were blamed on the storm in North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Washington.
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
Goldman is trying to sell the shares to institutional investors at $US13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force.
Daughter Renee Jackson said she often made "huge pots of, like, beans and rice with, like, meat and casseroles" for the whole family.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
Shellfire could be heard in the background as Ghafar spoke by satellite telephone.
"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.
He added International Business Machines Corp.'s (IBM) endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement ``too expensive for the ratepayers.
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.
Spot gold was fetching $365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT, having galloped as high as $368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10.
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.
The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.
Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the case of a nine-year-old girl who turned up safe two days after being violently abducted from her home.
Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $1 million.
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.
She said the president's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well.
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.
The stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent, on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.
In March, Rowland's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting gold and cash in return for steering state contracts.
"It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement.
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used by themselves or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.
He is accused of obstructing justice, witness tampering and destroying evidence.
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.
The victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.
November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent.
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept. 9.
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
For proof, look no further than this week's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas.
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot.
It also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer, also to take effect by Jan. 1, 2004.
The agency charged that one WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies.
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.
AN artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign reading "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" on a building near Ground Zero.
"During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities," the sheriff's office said.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago's factory index increased to 58.9 from 55.9 in July.
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.
Quattrone's action, prosecutors argue, amounted to criminal obstruction of justice.
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
About $250,000 worth of her jewelry was discovered last week at Kennedy International Airport, where it had up and disappeared before a flight to the BET Awards.
The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes, orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers.
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum.
The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.
Mr Kenny and the Hicks family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, are trying to get access to Mr Hicks before he faces a planned military tribunal.
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday.
Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.
Roxio, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., would get access to the music libraries of the major labels and the Pressplay distribution system.
Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade, while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $49.42.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province in recent weeks from 38,000 to more than 45,000.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias.
The contractors convicted last month, Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, are to be sentenced in January.
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.
"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.
The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
Quattrone, 47, was highly influential at Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble.
Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.
Officials in Malawi said the five suspects had been on the CIA's "watch list" since the twin 1998 truck bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Passengers would be given a refund and voucher for another trip, she said.
A monthlong grace period in New York City ended May 1, and now bars and restaurants that allow people to puff can face hefty fines.
First, it's found in most versions of Windows, including the new Windows Server 2003.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline in north-east Colombia.
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.
Frank Partnoy, a securities law professor at the University of San Diego, said the case suggested that Merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate.
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Inc.
While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects drove off before taking anything.
However, Hayes, the CDC official, said there are many complicated interactions in play.
Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.
Environmental campaigners are using this weekend’s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
ISC and NASCAR officials declined to comment.
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.
In his female disguise, the real estate heir used the name Dorothy Ciner, a childhood friend.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34, according to the latest available data.
Fanned by the hot, dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity, major fires were raging in at least 10 places, having already burned nearly 80 937 hectares.
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.
Available July 7, the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Powell said.
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.
In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.
He characterized the hostile bid as "atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior."
In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.
Seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he's also capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70.
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities.
At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.
Police believe someone strangled her and she may have been sexually assaulted.
On Monday, it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit.
"Accordingly, there needs to be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism.
The hot technologies -- networking, storage and wireless products -- will be front and center this week.
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.
At 5 p.m. EDT, the center of Hurricane Fabian was located near latitude 15.7 north, longitude 45.2 west or about 1,075 miles east of the Lesser Antilles.
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
Californias rate was 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002.
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short.
The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office was not available for comment.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not yet been charged with any offence.
The nine states are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.
The US version will cost $99 for an individual licence, the same as the existing version.
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.
She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300.
And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
"Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France," he said.
"This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.
Arguing that the case was an isolated example, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.
His spokesman, Tom Parker, said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive, would soon retire.
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.
Avalon means the next Windows OS will support new styles of user interfaces and elements.
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.
There were no plans to build permanent US bases in Africa, Pentagon officials said.
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.
The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found "significant problems" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks.
Under the agreement, LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree.
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program, which also dated from the Depression.
Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.
"Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.
It is important for a process to be put into place, he said, that would permit a smooth transition from war to peace.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.
I think there's a little hope invested in McNabb and he got a lot of credit for the performance of his team that he really didn't deserve.
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."
Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court this morning on charges of first-degree manslaughter and second-degree sexual assault.
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."
Shiite Muslims account for about a third of Quetta's of 1.2 million people.
About 24 percent of men who took placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Friends said Frank Riva worked in construction in Manhattan and recently helped his son get into the construction workers union.
A panel of the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California's assault weapons ban in a 2-1 ruling last December.
Cardenas and Estrada, who is on trial for economic plunder, have denied any involvement.
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.
The MPx200, which will sell for $299.99, is now available through AT&T Wireless' mMode service.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
Sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard's charts for those configurations.
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.
Kerry last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts.
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.
The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón, 29, Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22, and Yosvani Martínez Acosta, 27.
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.
The FTC also said AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely rebates to consumers.
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.
The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island.
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.
About two hours later, his body, wrapped in a blanket, was found dumped a few blocks away.
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.
The key vote Thursday came on the dividend tax provision offered by Sen. Don Nickles, R-Oklahoma.
"We did not want to shut down," Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him.
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows.
As such, consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group.
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1.
Because of that, the family had kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother, police said.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.
"We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims," Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said.
But he added: "You can't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror."
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.
She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).
Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.
According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
An attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat.
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.
Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.
"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
Monday ratcheted up its database software line with the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in the database.
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
Malvo's attorneys mounted an insanity defense, arguing that Muhammad's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong.
And the First Amendment doesn't say that the free exercise of religion is allowed — except in government buildings.
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in "extremely critical" condition, Czartoryski said.
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.
Witnesses from Malaysia will testify Thursday in the treason trial of cleric Abu Bakar Bashir, said to be the leader of terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
But the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.
In March, 67 percent connected through cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier.
Close behind was India, 14.3 percent, followed by Thailand and the Philippines.
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.
On Thursday, authorities evacuated residents who live in the canyon and closed off the road leading there.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has unsealed a heavily edited transcript of the June 3 court session where classified evidence was discussed out of public earshot.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX dropped 9.90 points, or 0.99 percent, to 988.61.
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans, Wayne Allard (Colo.), Jeff Sessions (Ala.) and Sam Brownback (Kan.).
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges.
The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal, used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign.
Prisoners were tortured and executed -- their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
Cindy Yeast, a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist, says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.
The conflict centers on a proposal to change a French unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows.
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.
"It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others."
Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy.
"It's obvious I'm not riding as well as years past," Armstrong said at a news conference.
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.
"When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?
Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida Friday, bringing powerful storms which further tested already-swollen lakes and rivers.
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.
He added that we are "not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent."
Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
By 2040, the county's population is expected to be 985,066, compared to the 2000 population of 860,454.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.
The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, said he was prepared to call another meeting of leaders next month.
But Islamic Jihad's main leadership in the Gaza Strip disowned the bombing, saying the group was still committed to the ceasefire.
Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation, but Sturdivant would not be involved.
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. AA.N to report earnings after the close.
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone.
The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.
R&D spending is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, as compared to the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slipped 16/32 in price, sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.
Not only is this the oldest known planet, it's also the most distant.
When asked where the weapons were, Rice said: ''This is a program that was built for concealment.
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition.
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.
A federal judge ruled that the monument violated the law and ordered it removed.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves.
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."
During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion.
The appeals court hearing comes at a sensitive time for Microsoft.
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions.
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed.
Last month, it narrowed the range to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
Sir Wilfred Thesiger, traveller, writer, and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet, has died aged 93.
"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.
An amendment by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.
"No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships.
Combined, the companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts leaked yesterday.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
Only 66 years old, Brooks was killed on Monday, Aug. 11, 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.
Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock.
"But the First Amendment does not shield fraud," Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court.
Whether it works out, timewise, that I can march with all four ... we'll see what happens," he said.
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.
But while the prime minister's trial judders to a halt, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.
Cubs manager Dusty Baker sees his slugger struggling.
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Without comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals.
"I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.
The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.
More than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.
Variable annuity sales were $4.2 billion, 82 percent higher than a year ago.
But U.S. administration officials moved to talk down Snow's impact on currencies, saying his comments were not reflective of Washington's policy and were merely an observation about the economy.
However, one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival.
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index lost the most ground, falling 16.95 points to 1,506,76.
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.
UBS Warburg downgraded Altria, a Dow member, to "neutral" from "buy," based on valuation.
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.
The American military's task is to provide the security in the meantime.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals.
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.
A $5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $19 billion of bids, investors said.
Even after he turned 94, Lacy worked to change baseball.
Dayton finished 24-6 last season, won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament.
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said he would fight any extension of the cable's use.
Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial condition as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
The two countries agreed last week to hold their first diplomatic discussions in two years.
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.
The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points.
Last year, the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.
Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, dissented.
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.
The department told airlines "the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent.
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's suggestion too drastic.
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.
The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.
Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos of Los Angeles, was quick to swipe at the testing procedure.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.
They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it.
It features a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels.
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
The Globe reported that Smiledge hasn't spoken with his son, Joseph Druce, in eight years.
SMILING bomber Amrozi was inspired to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners.
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
SCC argued that Lexmark was trying to shield itself from competition by installing a chip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges.
On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman member of the men's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge.
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.
Yesterday, two Japanese diplomats were killed in an apparent ambush near Tikrit, 175 kilometres north of the capital.
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
"These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.
"I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday, joining a growing number of cities around the country.
IBM stock rose $1.75, to $84.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.
That is evident from their failure, three times in a row, to get a big enough turnout to elect a president.
He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother.
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe's sales activities.
Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer.
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.
Come tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in more than two weeks, and police suspect he was killed in the Waco area.
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
"If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.
AMD reported a net loss of $140 million for the quarter ended June 29, on sales of $645 million.
"People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing," said Deborah Fallows, the Pew researcher who wrote the report.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.
And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of one.
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."
In a major setback to consumers, a federal judge granted the government's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.
Anyone with information on Lopez can call O'Shea at 561-688-4068 or Crime Stoppers at 800-458-8477.
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.
Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia, on Monday.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.
The caretaker, identified by church officials as Jorge Manzon, was believed to be among the nine missing - some of them children.
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
The fawn, named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.
But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike, Hevesi found.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
Shares of Pleasanton-based PeopleSoft rose 4 cents, to $16.96, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.
Whoever is selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection.
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".
The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662.
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with the utility.
"I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago," Hollings said.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
The cables can be engorged with far more power, and it can be turned on and off like a water spigot, making billing more accurate, Taub said.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County state attorney's office.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".
The CBO analysis of the Senate package said an amendment sponsored by Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., accounted for $40 billion of the total cost.
White, who had suffered kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9:30 a.m., said manager Ned Shankman.
In July, EMC agreed to acquire Legato Systems (Nasdaq: LGTO) for about $1.2 billion.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
Shares of Cellegy were down $2.04, or 39%, to $3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Fifty-seven percent were Hispanic, 10% were Asian, 7% were Black, 16% were Caucasian, and 10% were of other ethnicity.
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.
Matthew Lovett, 18, who just graduated from Collingswood High School, was among those arrested.
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.
President Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.
Ebert asked Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.
Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
Apple has also built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.
Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.
Hoffa, 62, vanished the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.
Since Perkins' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer.
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.
Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher.
But the signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer those copies to the Internet and make them available to potentially millions of others.
Although Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
Novell is acquiring SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.
Almihdhar and Alhazmi were aboard American Airlines Flight 77, which crashed into the Pentagon.
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad, a military statement said Tuesday.
Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus.
The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.
Malvo, 18, goes on trial Nov. 10 in the death of Franklin.
He had also said an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets Thursday, would be welcome.
Most of that - $51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq, while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan.
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.
A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called "field commander" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month.
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.
Leung, who faces a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted, also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights.
"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.
"Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isnt one of them," Davis adviser Roger Salazar said.
The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.
Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) shares closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen.
A 64 year-old paedophile described by police as the "most prolific Internet groomer ever caught" has been jailed for five years.
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.
"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.
Some 26.5 million shares changed hands, more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.
Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment.
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have intervened overnight when the yen appreciated to 116 per dollar.
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves appointed a judge on Tuesday to hold an independent investigation into how the province has handled SARS.
"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community," Thaksin said.
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
Bo Hitchcock, Levin's attorney, declined to comment Friday.
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said.
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.
Nissan North America announced yesterday that it will spend $250 million to expand its Smyrna assembly plant to bring production of the Pathfinder sport utility vehicle to Tennessee.
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
"It ends tonight," a grim Keanu Reeves announces, in the trailer for The Matrix Revolutions.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement.
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
Klitschko said: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis.
Several police officers were also said to be seriously hurt.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken."
The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys, saying: "Thank you so much."
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer added.
Last month, 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.
Taiwan reported 18 additional cases giving it a total of 149 cases and 13 deaths.
Nonetheless, the economy "has yet to exhibit sustainable growth."
Santa Clara-based Intel had sought the injunction, arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
"The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people," Bush told a joint news conference with Blair.
New cases of SARS might continue to appear, the authors write ominously, "until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted."
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said.
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," said Hagel.
Workers' taxable income then is reduced by that amount.
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died.
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.
The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control.
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.
She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.
He tried to fight off officers and was taken to a hospital after a police dog bit him but was later released.
His wife, who he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his lengthy mission, waited in Moscow.
The announcement, which economists said was not a surprise, may be bittersweet for the millions of Americans without jobs.
Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked "that we hit the target well", Mr Bafana said.
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
Farmland Foods President George Richter said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set-up and manage.
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.
Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.
The government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117 in the 659-seat House of Commons.
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
The vulnerability affects NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.
The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected "potential suicide bomber" detained in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday.
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen's rise against the dollar.
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers' human cargo earlier.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.
"After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing.
If requested by outside authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use.
A call to Rev. Christopher Coyne, the spokesman for the archdiocese, was not immediately returned.
"This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday.
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.
At a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum, she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19.
Her father, Florin Cioaba, the king of Transylvania's Gypsies, had her brought back and she was married against her will.
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
Claire had advanced to the third round of the 76th annual Scripps Howard National Spelling Bee.
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.
Citigroup Inc. C.N , the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any potential legal action.
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.
However, the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34.
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.
Making jokes about a mistake like that, that's not something good people do.
House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for a deeper investigation into the handling of intelligence on Iraq's weapons program.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the "Slammer" infection to spread internally.
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business.
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.
OS ANGELES, Oct. 24 Will Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, bring urban vitality to the city's uninviting downtown area?
Let me just say this: the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community.
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in.
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .
"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.
The stalemate, over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).
Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
The report that cost Mr Forlong his career at Sky News was screened on 29 March.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.
Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.
That means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree.
When a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment, Rodriguez agreed they should notify police, who then arrested him.
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.
If the deal is approved, EMC will operate Legato as a software division of EMC headquartered in Mountain View, Calif.
The suspects are expected to turn themselves in to Pennsylvania authorities within the next few days.
But late Thursday night, the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement.
The provision requires the secretary of Health and Human Services (news - web sites) to certify that the importations can be done safely and will be cost-effective.
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office, scheduled for 2006.
They found no blood and no bones, he said.
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.
Adults, who were shy as toddlers, had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sen. John Warner, R-Va., is also considering a look into the issue.
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
Stanford (46-15) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.
Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon and said he expected to issue his findings next week.
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.
Violence persisted, with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse.
Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback was trading nearly flat at C$1.3252 <CAD=> after the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
A smaller number, 8 per cent, looked for higher profits through price increases.
Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township.
"We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.
RJR spends an estimated $30 million annually on NASCAR.
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
Police said they will conduct DNA tests to confirm the man's identity.
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
Investigations by the Air Force inspector general and the Defense Department also are under way.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
More than 60 suspected cases have been reported in the United States, none of them fatal.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents, citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move.
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.
Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange, while Lockheed slipped 1.4 percent to $49.50.
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy.
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan, but gave no indication of when.
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later Sunday as a U.S. convoy was traveling near Fallujah, killing an American soldier and wounding three others.
He and 13 others were arrested Monday after blocking traffic in support of striking university workers.
At 11 p.m., Henri was centered about 70 miles southwest of St. Petersburg and was becoming disorganized as it drifted south at about 3 mph, forecasters said.
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.
After 18 months, Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in the patients' arteries.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
Following the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.
Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.
If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
The specific product that is the subject of the petition, 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.
Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center.
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
But it now has 600 fewer stores - about 1,500 in all - and a $2 billion loan to compete against bigger merchants.
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves.
"Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing," Mr. Connolly said.
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured.
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq.
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Lieberman accused President Bush on Wednesday of presiding over a new economy with old thinking, and for failing to reward innovation in the workplace.
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan.
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.
The dollar rose 0.6 percent to 109.54 yen<JPY=> and climbed more than 1 percent to 1.3315 Swiss francs<CHF=>.
Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 5.37, or 0.5 percent, to 1,020.18.
Every day more American soldiers die.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years."
Drinking more coffee may reduce the risk of developing the most common form of diabetes, a study has found.
In Britain, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high.
A car and a house were hit in the latest shootings, said Chief Deputy Steve Martin of the Franklin County sheriff's office.
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.
No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing recall several recall cases, one of which a Los Angeles court dismissed on Friday.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.
In 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.
Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
"The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.
In the undergraduate case, Rehnquist said the use of race was not "narrowly tailored" to achieve the university's asserted interest in diversity.
Thirty-eight percent of patients surveyed in five urban clinics believed the myth that cancer spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a poll to be published Tuesday.
For the first quarter, HP pulled in $2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market.
Still, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.
The latest attack came just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya, killing 59 people.
"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.
In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 18.42, or 0.2 percent, at 8,569.94.
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.
Falls in euro/yen also pushed down the dollar against the yen, with the pair at 118.32 yen compared with Friday's late New York level of 118.51.
Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment at the CIA.
Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".
Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline.
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.
She was physically ill several times on the day he died, she said.
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.
This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country," said Janet Levine.
SP2 is basically about security enhancements to Windows, such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall (ICF).
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose as high as 4.66 percent Aug. 14 from 3.07 percent in June.
The farmers market reopened Saturday; at least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition.
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, television said.
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.
State health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois.
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
The head of the panel -- Tillie Fowler, a former US representative from Florida -- told present and past commanders that cadets don't trust them.
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.
Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143.
"It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.
Ride, astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.
The board is investigating whether a shortage of funds in the shuttle program compromised safety.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station.
In the clash with police, Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs.
Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
Ryland Group (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.
Corixa shares rose 54 cents to $7.74 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff, a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
His next play, "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?" a satire on Hollywood, lasted more than a year on Broadway.
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.
CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.
The answer, the group said, would be to "create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats."
Committee approval, expected today, would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday.
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.
PowderJect is roughly 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson, a high-profile UK businessman, and his family.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
The husband's family says he has since passed two lie detector tests.
However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said.
"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .
On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
Ottawa police reported 23 cases of looting, along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim.
The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne was in intensive care today as he continued his “steady” recovery from a quad bike accident.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.
He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria.
O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony.
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.
Preventing stronger gains, News Corp <NCP.AX> fell 1.3 percent to A$12.43 and Brambles <BIL.AX> dropped 1.9 percent to A$4.75 after a weak performance overnight.
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
But he confessed: "There's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds."
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.
Her lawyer, William Zabel, could not be reached.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.
He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man," he said.
Sovereign, based in Philadelphia, expects to close the acquisition in the first quarter of 2004.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC ended off 8.15 points, or 0.49 percent, at 1,644.03.
The high profile two-week campaign – which started on September 28 – was designed to show a strong police presence around London.
Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning.
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.
U.N. inspectors found traces of highly enriched, weapons-grade uranium at an Iranian nuclear facility, a report by the U.N. nuclear agency says.
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
Other, more traditional tests are also available.
All along, we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time," she said.
The Calgary woman, who is in her twenties, donated blood on Aug. 7.
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.
It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators, Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio.
The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.28.
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
Southwest's net income amounted to $246 million, or 30 cents per share.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.
If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.
The nine largest airlines had $75.4 billion in revenue last year.
Three Southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003.
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
A top aide to state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was charged Wednesday with raping an unidentified, 22-year-old female state Assembly employee.
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.
In 1975 he married Marta Casals, the widow of Pablo Casals.
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
The Washington Times first reported yesterday that Army Capt. James.
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.
The final chapter in the trilogy, The Matrix Revolutions, is out in November.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.
But a U.S. appeals court in San Francisco disagreed and upheld the law.
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
"This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].
Significantly, it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah, accused of being behind the attacks.
One, from a former CIBC executive, described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as "outrageous."
The MDC said a supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital on Wednesday after being tortured and assaulted by soldiers putting down the protests.
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95, or 1.1 percent, to 1507.76, its first slide in five days.
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, who did not identify them.
"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country," Mr. Tellier said.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.
A council resolution is considered essential in giving Iraqi or U.S.-controlled entities in Baghdad the legal authority to export oil.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.
Garner said Iraq's reconstruction was not as difficult as he had expected -- mainly because the war caused less infrastructure damage and fewer refugees than anticipated.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
He had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released.
"This is not unanticipated," Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday.
Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, in which 19 people died.
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.
"I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.
A senior law enforcement official, discussing the case on grounds of anonymity, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba.
Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers.
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.
Investors were askingwhether other banks, some of which are still being audited, could be dealt with in the same way.
Bennett told Newsweek that "over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."
"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.
"We're going to defend these charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.
"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.
But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation.
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 0.13 points, or just 0.01 percent, to 966.87.
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
Token-issuing framework provides capabilities that build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage trust relationships and secure conversations.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Karas said.
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.
"More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq.
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.
They worry the treatment could leave their son sterile, blind or even dead.
Because of the accounting charge, the company now says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30.
The parade, which moves west along Eastern Parkway in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, went through the district Davis represented.
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.
It has a plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.
Reagan is played by James Brolin, who is married to singer Barbra Streisand, a leading Democratic activist.
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft (Quote, Company Info) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said Friday on his program.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
Friday's report raised new worries that a weak job market could shackle the budding economic recovery despite a slight improvement in the overall unemployment rate.
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.
PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors on Friday unanimously rejected Oracle Corp.'s revised bid of $19.50 per share.
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991.
Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents, citing the new tax law.
Tomorrow's testimony is to give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was off 4.86 points, or 0.49 percent, at 993.82.
Goodyear's third-quarter earnings report, which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday, was postponed until November.
The bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
The unusual decision to declassify an intelligence report came in an attempt to quiet a growing controversy over Mr Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.
Several doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state, but Byrd disagreed.
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $20 million to establish the registry.
That compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in 2002's second fiscal quarter.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
About two decades ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice and others decided to protect and polish what remained.
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 11.83 points, or 1.20 percent, to 975.93.
France, Russia, China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year, Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday.
The discoveries came a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi, who was not injured.
"It was never our intention to sell the product," said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use.
The scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.
But homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, have now been postponed indefinitely.
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.
In the entire fiscal year, the company lost a record $1.27 billion, or $2.11 a share, on sales of nearly $3.1 billion.
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.
"I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people.
They include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.
The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.
Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.
Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
Other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft.
Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals, which have not been approved.
A female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit.
Of the 23.5 million high-speed lines, 16.3 million provided advanced services, which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions.
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.
Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
Duke and North Carolina have been resolute in their positions against expansion.
Despite generic competition for acne drug Accutane, flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion.
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.
At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.
After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.
"The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines," Arroyo said in a statement on Monday.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Market's composite index rose 3.41 points to 1,915.31.
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.
Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief money.
Last week, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic ties and restoration of air services with Pakistan.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.
The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months.
In February 2000, the officers — Kenneth Boss, Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy — were acquitted of all charges in the killing.
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.
"Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA," he said.
Since last April, scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed.
One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
Police investigating a fatal hit-and-run accident conducted a search Monday at the home of Bishop Thomas O'Brien, head of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix.
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.
Altria shares fell $1.17 to $42.51 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall.
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion.
As previously announced, the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.
The Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.
Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week.
Medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records this morning, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.
Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits "The Impossible" and "Brokenheartedsville."
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said.
BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.
Martha Stewart shares fell $2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser.
By late Thursday afternoon, Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
We'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators.
Geoghan, 68, was taken to Leominster Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 1:17 p.m.
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.
Rescue and search operation had been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night, Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network.
Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest mutual-fund company, said it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses.
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.
Officials with the rebel group Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy could not be reached for comment Saturday.
Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's first quarter, although it might explain the drop and quick recovery in sales this quarter.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made.
"These are defining moments for players and organizations," Anaheim coach Mike Babcock said.
He led Philippine police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets, including US and Australian diplomatic posts.
They did not nationalize them," Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said.
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
In 2001, Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".
The S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."
The second rover is scheduled for launch later this month, and both vehicles are expected to arrive at Mars in January.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
The per-share earnings were 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.
The Sars illness, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel.
The 2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
The GAO found cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years, versus 12 percent inflation during the period.
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
He was sentenced in June to more than seven years in prison for securities fraud, perjury and other crimes.
They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives, but did not exchange words.
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.
Maurice Greene advanced to the semifinals of the 100-meter dash at the World Track and Field Championships.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Like Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.
He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington.
The proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi, reading 33 pages of documents outlining allegations against him.
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials.
Scruggs, who did not testify, was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."
People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
He said the district had been waiting for the subpoenas and had always planned to comply once it received them.
In their study, researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs.
In May 2002, Malikah Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn for more than $20 million in damages after the MTA objected to their headdresses.
"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.
Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data- monitor, the London-based market research company.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.
Shares of Berkeley, California-based Xoma dropped 89 cents, or 16 percent, to $4.60 in Instinet trading.
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.
Four years ago, Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.
Freddie Mac shares fell $1.49, to $50.01, on the New York Stock Exchange after official acknowledgment of the criminal investigation.
X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
But its most popular comedy, Friends, is going into its last season.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observatories."
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the Northfield-based company.
Sgt. Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking.
I loved the Brazilian music I played.
The book, scheduled for release next month, is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen.
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.
Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet.
"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America," said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran.
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon.
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.
Judge Philpot told Dica: "There is no evidence of your remorse.
Earlier Friday, Taiwan reported 55 new cases but no new deaths.
Hedge funds came under renewed scrutiny recently when New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.
As they wound through police barricades to the funeral home, many chanted "Celia, Celia" and sang snippets of her songs.
In 2001, 8.4 per cent of six-year-olds and 15 per cent of 15-year-olds were obese.
Most of the alleged spammers engaged in fraudulent or deceptive practices, said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior VP and general counsel.
Since December 2002, Evans has been the vice chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council.
Companies that fall under that definition are subject to much less stringent regulation.
Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.
The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.
Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days, the police chief said.
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.
Watson, of Whitakers, N.C., was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives, and destruction of federal property.
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority.
The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
He has a preliminary hearing Thursday to determine whether he'll stand trial.
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."
WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.
Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."
Available in June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.
Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.
"We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261," said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel.
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally drove the broad Standard & Poor's 500 index .SPX up more than 20 percent since mid-March.
Samuel Waksal, ImClone's former CEO, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud.
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.
Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737, which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew.
In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens."
The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.
Spider-Man snatched $114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $403.7 million.
In Las Vegas, agents entered two clubs — Cheetah's and Jaguars — along with Galardi Enterprises, an office atop a bar and pool hall in downtown Las Vegas.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
Because of the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.
"I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."
"No, what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.
"The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a very small piece of equipment."
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.
In addition, David Jones will pay him $10 million to take over the Foodchain leases.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
The agreement between architect Daniel Libeskind and representatives of developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in developing the "Freedom Tower."
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wing.
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.
Last week, the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals.
The TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $125 to $300 in quantities of 10,000.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.
D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.
Mike Austreng, editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record, said he saw one wounded student taken from the school by helicopter.
They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".
A photograph of the doctor's son, Ariel, holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 21.35 points, or 1.33 percent, to 1,624.91.
Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
"Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced," said Falcon in a statement.
For the year, Marvell expects revenue of $760 million to $790 million.
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
Stealing identities and credit card numbers with bogus e-mail and websites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet, federal officials warned Monday.
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.
On Sunday August 3, the House of Deputies voted nearly 2-1 in favor of the Reverend Gene Robinson of New Hampshire.
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.
Elsewhere in Europe, Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its targets for chip sales on Friday.
Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.
Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers.
At midday Saturday, automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter.
Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
The FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego.
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
The panel said some of NASA's cameras were obsolete and others no longer have a good view, because of civilian buildings built near them.
Both companies automate many channels, though XM has some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.
Neighboring Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hopes that Massachusetts' supreme court will take a similar step soon.
Excluding food and energy costs, the core CPI was up 0.1 percent last month, compared to a rise of 0.2 percent in July.
The matriarch - who celebrates her 81st birthday next month - was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O'Hare, the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.
Voyager 2, also launched in 1977, lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan.
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.
A federal judge yesterday disconnected a new national "do-not-call" list, just days before it was to take effect, saying the agency that created it lacked the authority.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.
Under state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.
AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6, the royal family's coroner announced overnight.
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan suggested on Monday that the United States should lead a multinational force to stop fighting between government forces and rebels in Liberia.
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.
Veritas said new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.
Officials at Microsoft and Lindon, Utah-based SCO couldn't be immediately reached for comment.
They did so after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.
Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the Fed's next meeting on June 24-25.
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.
She has a boyfriend, too, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
"In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight," he said.
He could get six to seven years in prison, plus fines.
In the total external disk storage system market, revenue increased 1.5 percent year over year in the third quarter, to $3.2 billion.
"We have found the smoking gun," board member Scott Hubbard said.
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.
The legislation, which now goes to the full House, would amend the state's 1988 corporate takeover law.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.
In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 34 points to 9,107, while the Nasdaq composite index rose 2 points to 1,612.
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.
In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
"Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them," Grella said.
The euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.
The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
In 1999, Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state.
Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.
That client component, the Microsoft Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, is what Microsoft posted for free download Tuesday.
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.
Justices Stephen Breyer, Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed.
Cool, moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes.
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.
Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday.
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.
PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien (), the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference, will arrive in Malaysia today.
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome emerged in November last year.
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles, publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday.
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.
"There are some who feel that if they attack us, we may decide to leave prematurely," Mr Bush said at the White House.
That fire, the largest wildfire in state history, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
"A lot of these are made-up stories," Schwarzenegger told NBC television.
He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.
Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors.
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.
Chances were, he said more than a week ago, he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit.
The appeal came as NATO was preparing to the take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Monday.
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.
He adds: "She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room."
In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.
After the two-hour meeting on May 14, publisher Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr., executive editor Howell Raines and managing editor Gerald Boyd pledged quick remedies to staff grievances.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," she said.
The intelligence service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.
"There's nothing we can do to stop" the water flow, Stegman said.
Mr. Soros branded Mr. Snow's policy shift a "mistake."
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.
Late last month Microsoft restricted access to its MSN Messenger network.
Rashidi Ahmad, 33, was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, near Franklin Boulevard.
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.
It's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound.
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
Johnson and four other protesters were arrested soon afterward for blocking the roadway, a state misdemeanor.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances when new CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou took over.
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.
Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule.
Gov. Bob Riley proposed the budget cuts after Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept. 9.
Over the weekend, NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet.
Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air, armed with the stakes.
On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed another case, this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm's Global Technology Fund.
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.
Congress twice passed partial birth bans, but former President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the need for a health exception, vetoed both measures.
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid.
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.
At another point, Mr. Bush said: "The choice was up to the dictator, and he chose poorly.
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.
Two hours earlier, they had recovered the body of Melissa Rogers, 33, of Liberty, Mo.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409.
President Bush called the blackout "a wake-up call" for Americans about the nation's outdated power grid.
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.
The main change, said Jim Walton, CNN's president, is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news.
The federal government intends to introduce legislation later this year that will ban unsolicited commercial e-mail, the Minister for Communications and Information Technology, Senator Richard Alston announced today.
Legal experts said the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.
The Turkish troops also could be targets for attack, the ambassador acknowledged.
You can reach her at (248) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman@detnews.com.
Estonia's place in the European mainstream and safeguard its independence regained in 1991.
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.
Lee, 33, told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.
Microsoft presented several options at the meeting, the consortium said in the statement.
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday, some for charges not related to the casino brawl.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
At the hearing yesterday, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail, evidently unaware they had already left the country.
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.
Lt. Scotty Smither, a county firefighter, was struck by lightning.
"The flu season has had an earlier onset than we've seen in many years," said Julie Gerberding, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
Trade deals between manufacturers and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice.
It was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960.
We think they have the right to choose.
Pressed for details, Mr Warner said: "All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group".
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool"-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT."
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.
A draft statement, obtained by Reuters on Friday, stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised "serious concern".
Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, also was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.
Police suspected that Shaichat, 20, had been abducted either by Palestinians or by Israeli Arabs.
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".
During this year's August to October quarter, Lowe's opened 38 new stores, including two relocations.
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a "terrorist attack."
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
This is what Dr. Dean said: "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks.
A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
Three each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Muhammad will stand trial for the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean Harold Meyers, 53.
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.
Excluding the impact of accounting changes, Ford would have earned 13 cents a share.
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."
After hours of debate, the Senate passed the reform package 32-4.
Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month.
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."
He'll present his proposals to the state Legislature in January.
Washington is wary of involvement, given its commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.
But U.S. District Judge Joseph DiClerico denied their request in a brief ruling.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K. Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors _ three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water.
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.
"Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.
In Lytle Creek Canyon, a 4-foot-high mud flow crossed a road, trapping a car.
However, prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.
Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate.
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".
Smackdown, first organized by WWE, registered more than 400,000 voters for the 2000 presidential election.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
"He did a bad job going up there," Mr. Villalona said.
"Michael is innocent," Jackson's mother, Katherine, said in a written statement.
The German financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.
U.S. President George W. Bush said "the nation lost a great citizen" with Hope's death.
An Associated Press report is included.
The manufacturers include Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd., and Sharp Corp.
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly will be between one and three.
The euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30 .
Radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation.
"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.
And although he has acted in period dramas before in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart.
US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp., which led the fight for his ouster.
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.
It has also been revealed the boy's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a $165,000 settlement in one case.
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.
Only 12 of the last 30 attempts to reach Mars have succeeded (two are in transit).
Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out, complete the field.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.
On Hebert's body were his wallet, driver license and cell phone, its batteries drained, Tracy said.
Drewes and a friend were playing a game of "ding-dong-ditch" -- ringing doorbells and running away -- in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton.
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.
That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.
Elsewhere in the diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.
Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT.
Authorities in Alabama said the passage of time, and the transfer or retirement of some investigators, has not hurt their case.
Fasting glucose was 142 mg/dL on average for those given usual care, compared with 129 mg/dL in the group given specialized care (P < .01).
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition.
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.
Police spokesman Brigadier-General Edward Aritonang confirmed that another two men had been arrested yesterday, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang in central Java.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.
BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading".
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine.
"At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security," he says.
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August.
In January, Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process."
If you're over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong.
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
The hearing, expected to last a week, will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial.
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. ISPH.O tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98.
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
On Monday, one American soldier was killed and another was wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez did not leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.
"Really, this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City," Mr. Silver said.
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.
He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill's assets and has frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.
The $250 million expansion will boost Nissan's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $2.75 billion.
The document, headlined Information for Health Care Professionals, warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions.
In Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany's DAX index gave back 1 percent.
On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.
"They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."
At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta.
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday.
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said. "
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.
Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.
"He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.
A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet.
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted.
State wildlife officials have concluded that the fluorescent zebra fish from Florida poses no danger, and they have recommended that the state exempt it from the ban.
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.
The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.
We strongly disagree with Novell's position and view it as a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community.
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals.
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.
After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.
Genetic studies of ethnic groups raise concerns because of fears that they could be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote stereotypes.
General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
With the government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million, or 30 cents a share.
Mr Russell, 46, a coal miner from Brisbane, said: "They are obviously hurting, so we are basically going over there to help them."
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004, but has not ruled out a race in later years.
Other recall suits are pending in federal court.
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson's worm, Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said.
In Ventura County, the number of closings and advisories dropped by 73 percent, from 1,540 in 2001 to 416 last year.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi's party won.
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.
Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
The arrests came two days after Ken Livingstone, the London Mayor, claimed police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital.
In the evening, he asked for six pizzas and soda, which police delivered.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
Even her request, decades later, to attend her father's funeral on the island was denied.
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing.
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.
"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.
This decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy," he said.
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
He was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed," Bush said.
Some analysts estimate sales of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008.
The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers, the part requires only minimal external components.
For the week, the Russell 2000, the barometer of smaller company stocks, advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.
Thompson ordered Moore to remove the monument within 30 days, but stayed that order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Her 92-year-old husband is now severely debilitated by Alzheimer's disease.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
In May, Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown.
To the caller who claimed to have found a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia: NASA is extremely interested in talking to you, "no-questions-asked".
Also, hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are "moving along impressively," Dr. Roth said.
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.
That's one reason why I'm running to be president," he told a rally in New Hampshire.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court.
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry a day later, and six Cubans face trial in Key West in December over a March plane hijacking.
Helen Sharkey, 31, and Gene Foster, 44, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying launch will be between Oct. 10 and 17 and will carry two men.
Excluding autos, retail sales rose by 0.3% in September, lower than a forecast rise of 0.5%.
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.
He said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of an existing firebreak dug during last year's fire north of Mount Lemmon.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
Iraqi officials say the attacks are being carried out by what they call outsiders who slip into Falluja and attack at night.
In court, Stewart briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box.
GM's offering is also expected to include about $3.5 billion in convertible securities.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
At about 3 p.m. on Friday, a relative of Bondeson called police to report his apparent suicide.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.
In 2002, the West Nile virus infected 4,000 people and took 284 lives in the United States.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
Yesterday, Taiwan reported 35 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 418.
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year.
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
He said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish a cause of death.
Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said the victims appeared to be customers of the bank.
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.
It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort”.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues.
"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.
Earlier this month, Bremer called off a visit here, a move officials privately linked to U.S. uncertainty about the Kurdish issue.
The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.
The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.
All three had criminal records for stealing cattle, the statement said.
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court.
"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."
In its quarter ended May 30, Adobe earned $64.25 million, or 27 cents a share.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
Officials said one provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation.
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.
The North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System in New York announced plans for a tissue bank this month.
The tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.
The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.
The Hartford shares rose $2.88, or 6.6 percent, to close Monday at $46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the month.
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.
Authorities said the informant, an inmate named Richard Powell who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982, led a team to the spot.
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring.
She said she told O'Donnell, "Your mother died of breast cancer.
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004.
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday after the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody's, the credit rating agency.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR rose 11/32 for a yield of 3.25 percent.
"We don't have new places to check," said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer.
"It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.
"It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.
Altria shares fell 2.5 percent or $1.11 to $42.57 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
The staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
SCO net income of $4.5 million, or 33 cents per share, on revenue of $21.4 million, in 2003's second fiscal quarter, ended April 30.
No rabies vaccine is available for humans in Zimbabwe and if it was it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.
ODonnell was just 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns or interceptions a year ago.
India blamed that and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state.
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars.
"This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.
It will be followed in November by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions."
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening.
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
"We are confident that this issue will be behind us by mid-year," said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud, who declined to comment further.
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.
PLAYRIGHT George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
Before Sunday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.
During the flight, engineers misjudged the extent of the damage, and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor.
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.
The woman, Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny.
The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.
He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field, an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise.
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
"We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
The study, published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research, is likely to also apply to humans, its authors said.
Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs.
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
My decision today is not based on any one event."
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.
As envisioned by Breaux, the government would help pay for the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.
Grant also has been elected to Monsanto's board of directors, the company said in a statement.
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations.
With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market, "people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth," he said.
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.
"Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is, but because of what she did," Comey said.
Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."
There are no suspects in the shooting, which took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, the police said.
"But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change," she added, "and you can't do that without funding."
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite, 62, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.
Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.
"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart.
Palm expects to move Handspring's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
Normally, congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census.
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.
Two of Collins' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated, he said Friday.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's initiative could start an important trend.
She had been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state's neutrality in religion.
Without admitting or denying the S.E.C.'s allegations, Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund.
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC> rose 8.25 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,861.15.
Paul Durousseau, 32, was charged Tuesday with five counts of first-degree murder for the Dec. 19 to Feb. 5 killings.
Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers.
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.
Next Monday at about 2 p.m. (CST), hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus, the nasty little germ that causes colds.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday, the hospital said.
The news sent Cisco shares on a tear in after-hours trading.
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.
The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez, the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza.
He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October.
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system.
SPOT products run a Microsoft operating system and the company's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems.
On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here, killing a security guard as well as himself.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as the Spruce Run Recreation Area in Union Township will be open.
The 2001 recession is considered short and shallow relative to the nine others since World War II, which averaged 11 months.
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
On the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered in the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.
He replaces Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation in April.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
"Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result," she said.
Dallas Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki's status as doubtful.
Rescue workers arriving to February's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help.
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.
When contacted last night, Perkins declined comment.
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.
They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches.
Notes: Cabrera, at 20 years, 63 days, is the second-youngest player to debut with the Marlins.
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store, the arrest report said.
U.S. District Judge Denny Chin said Fox's claim was "wholly without merit, both factually and legally."
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.
Federal agent Bill Polychronopoulos said it was not known if the man, 30, would be charged.
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astounding swimmer with a large penis".
"I think we should leave them as they are," said Lott, R-Miss., of the current ownership rules during a Senate Commerce Committee hearing.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.
"The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," said Wyden.
"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire.
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.
Another piece would be sent to the lab in Virginia for additional testing, Conte said.
Some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs.
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday, but found no sign of them, said Stuart Smith, the Chatham harbormaster.
A total of 32 U.S. soldiers have been killed in attacks since May 1, when President Bush declared the end of major hostilities in Iraq.
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.
The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
Gore said while the Patriot Act made some needed changes, it has "turned out to be, on balance, a terrible mistake."
PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, California, said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.
An 18-month run for it in Toronto was originally planned as part of a North American tour.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
Gainers included Dow components AT&T, which rose $1.25 to $21.75, and General Motors, which rose 57 cents to $37.70.
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
In a conference call with reporters, RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
Music mogul Simon Cowell's latest project, a reality TV dating show called Cupid, airs in the US on Wednesday.
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams's half of the women's draw.
The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF= , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.
Nearly 2,000 pages of transcripts were ordered to be made public after a legal action by the New York Times.
Like the outgoing centre-left coalition, the next government is expected to come under pressure to hand over indicted war criminals or risk losing Western aid.
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."
Staff writer Dave Michaels contributed to this report.
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.
"We are pleased with the judge's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments," a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday.
On the stand Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing.
Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.
Blair's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union.
What's next: If finally passed by the House, the measure moves to the Senate.
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.
The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol (sacred in Iowa) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska's wildlife refuge.
Analysts say Davis, who faces a historic recall election in October, could get a boost in the polls with a budget plan in place.
"There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills," Baker said.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.
"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability."
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.
Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.
State Sen. Vi Simpson, former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew are seeking the Democratic nomination.
It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment.
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.
Mr Li, deputy chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings, is the son of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing.
GE stock closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.
Fletcher will not do that, said his campaign manager, Daniel Groves.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gave up 3.88 points, or 0.24 percent, to 1,644.76.
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.
Kempenaers said some species are still faithful, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross, which mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners.
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.
HCA Inc. , the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $2.21, or 5.8 percent, to $36.14.
They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members.
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.
His lack of co-operation was allowing other Jemaah Islamiah fugitives to remain at large, Mr Dila told the court.
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.
Random testing of security procedures should also take place.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.
The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding.
In the United States, heart attacks kill about 460,000 year, in Canada about 80,000.
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship.
"I'm disgusted, physically sick in the stomach," said Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.
Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.
"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
"His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said.
Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region.
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases.
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.
In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, the IFPI said.
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident.
"I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
Immediately after the blast, people portraying some of the 150 "victims" stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene.
"This is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history," Mr O'Keefe said.
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.
He said that in early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists."
Derrick Todd Lee is helped from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.
Yesterday, this honor was given to Firefighter Thomas C. Brick, who died last Tuesday battling a fire in an Upper Manhattan warehouse.
In the settlement, Tyrer agreed to pay $US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest, the SEC said.
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
Opposition to the bill has come from environmentalists, the Miccosukee Tribe, some scientists and members of Congress.
After the shooting, Hoffine fled to the nearby home of a friend, and allowed her and her daughter to leave.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act.
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.
The lawmakers were departing Wednesday and expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday.
Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation.
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.
Peterson, 27, was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas.
At present, the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.
A federal appeals court yesterday reinstated perjury charges against a San Diego student accused of lying about his association with 9/11 hijackers.
Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.
"If the other rating agencies also downgrade us..
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
He caused a stir by misnaming the mayor of Miami, Manny Diaz.
Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday it was "considering its options" over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary.
Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer.
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth.
In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior official said.
Novelist Michael Peterson was convicted Friday of murdering his wife, whose body was found in a pool of blood at the bottom of a staircase in their home.
President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960.
Allied forces have overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital.
They went into the operations of their own free will," their father Dadollah Bijani said.
The yield on the 3 5/8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent.
"Imagine that in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59.
"The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"
Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said that portion of the DMCA gives too much leeway to copyright holders.
The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, and Linux.
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent.
Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.
State Rep. Ron Wilson, D-Houston, joined committee Republicans in voting for the map.
State unemployment last month stood at 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open.
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.
Because of the distance between the two chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky.
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."
Oak Brook, IL-based McDonalds is expected to launch several hundred restaurants by year's end.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.
Mr. Hampton had been living at a residence for AIDS patients in Beth Israel Hospital.
Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.
Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able determine whether it belonged to Bish, Conte said.
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.
A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.
Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading.
King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church, Frank T. Griswold III, declined, through a spokesman, to comment on the development Saturday.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa.
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with some gusts reaching 60 mph.
"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
The industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.
Sales at Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales at DaimlerChrysler rose 7 percent.
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.
The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
GREAT train robber Ronnie Biggs was fighting for life last night after a massive heart attack.
The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as initially planned.
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.
A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States.
Imam Samudra, 32, is accused of being the "field commander" of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people, mostly tourists.
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.
Dusenbery's fiancee, Jessica Wheat, said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.
Three Federal Reserve speakers and the Fed's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions could help firm expectations.
The U.N. Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad.
Billy Hodge, 11, is engrossed with the Harry Potter series books.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools."
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.
Peterson has been charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son.
U.S. stocks fell, led by computer-related shares, after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter.
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.
Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers, who turned 62 yesterday, to be fully exonerated at trial.
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
Now Infogrames has decided to change its name to Atari.
At 10 p.m., Odette was centered about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston, Jamaica, and was moving northeast near 8 mph.
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
The House has already approved the measure, and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.
Attorney Patricia Anderson, who represents the Schindlers in the courtroom tug-of-war with their son-in-law, declined to comment on the case.
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
"High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again," Ashcroft said.
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
The companies uniformly declined to give specific numbers on customer turnover, saying they will release those figures only when they report overall company performance at year-end.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent’s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile (30 km) long Disraeli Fjord.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
On Wednesday, a man was shot near Kut as he tried to run over two marines at a checkpoint.
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years.
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.
Yesterday's ruling is a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, he said, but there is more to be done.
A ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington.
Seven people were taken to hospital today after a second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours.
The quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP said it filed suit in a New York court on Monday on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund.
Both figures were below consensus expectations, but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fueling a dollar rally.
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.
"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony.
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."
Although they no longer get the glory, desktop PC exceeded IDC's shipment expectations in the second quarter, Kay said.
"Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans," he said in Washington.
In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.
After a tense stand-off, the battlewagon turned back.
Ten, two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.
Limbaugh's lawyer, Roy Black, has accused the Palm Beach State Attorney's Office of having political motives for investigating whether the conservative radio commentator bought painkillers illegally.
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.
Many of the victims of Sunday's attack had been headed out of Iraq for R&R or emergency leave.
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating, by saying an officer ordered that the area be "cleared out."
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 15.82, or 0.9 percent, to 1,861.52.
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.
"The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said.
Nvidia shares lost 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10.
Cullen is replacing former chief privacy officer Richard Purcell, who left earlier this year.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
The agencies warn that the "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans."
Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body.
"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before.
It consisted of eight blacks, two Guyanese and two whites.
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.
In the 1990's, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program's safety margins.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters.
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.
The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.
"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.
It's happened five times in the last 11 years: A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
"His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes," Mr Butts said.
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine.
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.
Humphries, and his father William, were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning.
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent.
At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
The rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others, police said.
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton, R-Columbus, said he spoke with Kernan not long before the oath of office ceremony.
For the first time starting Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.
Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.
After all, China isn't racing anyoneso there's no great rush," Clark said.
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.
Holders of paper bonds will be able, though not required, to convert to electronic accounts.
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak, said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge.
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target.
The NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher," aims to help education groups shape their agendas.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for only a few months.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.
Today in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores.
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE.
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."
"The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors," he said.
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.
Trevor Fetter, who returned to Tenet as president last November, has been appointed as acting CEO, the company said.
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop.
Thursday, Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support.
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.
Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter, jumping from 40 to 55.
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from "two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes."
The company reported that it terminated Sequent's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux.
Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
The layoffs at Eddie Bauer headquarters were dispersed across the company and at all levels, spokeswoman Lisa Erickson said.
Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".
"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.
"Please, keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, the mother of three.
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.
"Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney radio.
"The message is: If an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot, they shouldn't wait.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
The new rules will allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent.
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
PCCW's chief operating officer, Mike Butcher, and Alex Arena, the chief financial officer, will report directly to Mr So.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (news - web sites), there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
The settling companies would also assign their possible claims against the underwriters to the investor plaintiffs, he added.
Air Commodore Quaife said the Hornets remained on three-minute alert throughout the operation.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
Moseley and a senior aide delivered their summary assessments to about 300 American and allied military officers on Thursday.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
The increase reflects lower credit losses and favorable interest rates.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.
Evidence suggests two of the victims were taken by surprise, while the other two might have tried to flee or to defend themselves or the others, police said.
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said.
Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.
"I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great 'Sopranos' saga," HBO chairman and chief executive Chris Albrecht said.
The two had argued that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health.
"There's no reason for you to keep your skills up," the judge told the convicted crack cocaine kingpin.
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
"Senator Clinton should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with the important issue of homeland security funding," he said.
Federal agents said yesterday they are investigating the theft of 1,200 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Last year, Comcast signed 1.5 million new digital cable subscribers.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a government official said.
The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians, O'Connor was born on Aug. 28, 1925, in Chicago and was carried onstage for applause when he was three days old.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
The daily Hurriyet said the raid aimed to foil a Turkish plot to kill an unnamed senior Iraqi official in Kirkuk.
"It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games," Thomas said.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
Snow's remark ``has a psychological impact,'' said Hans Redeker, head of foreign-exchange strategy at BNP Paribas.
The women said victims of rape who came forward routinely were punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgment.
"The National has no interest in acquiring AMP while AMP owns its UK business," Cicutto added.
In a statement, Mr. Rowland said: "As is the case with all appointees, Commissioner Anson is accountable to me.
Oracle's $5 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft is clearly not sitting well with PeopleSoft's executives.
Taha is married to former Iraqi oil minister Amir Muhammed Rasheed, who surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28.
Cisco pared spending during the quarter to compensate for sluggish sales.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
Dixon's win moved him into second place in the points standings, 49 behind Kanaan.
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers, ending that Depression-era program.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
Thursday afternoon, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was trading up just 1.48 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,049.59.
"They were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body," said Chris Butler, who lives across the street.
Nicholas is the uncle of Louima, the Haitian immigrant who was sexually tortured by NYPD cops in 1997.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
"Just sitting around in a big base camp, knocking back cans of beer, I don't particularly regard as mountaineering," he added.
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
"These documents are indecipherable to me, and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere," the lawyer said.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
Another body was pulled from the water on Thursday and two seen floating down the river could not be retrieved due to the strong currents, local reporters said.
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
Other members of the organization are believed to be in Pakistani cities, and many of the arrests of key al-Qaida operatives have taken place in those areas.
"Our decision today is quite limited," the judges stated in their opinion.
The woman had agreed to testify after receiving immunity protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy's honor code.
Under terms of the deal, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 of a share of EMC common stock for each share of Legato stock.
"Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized, and the outlook remains bright," bureau CEO Greg Stuart says.
Kingston also finished with 67 after producing six birdies on the back nine.
"At least two of them were supposed to be in positions of leadership for the younger boys.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
Its Canadian operations only buy beef from facilities that are federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
While there were about 700 Uruguayan UN peacekeepers in Bunia, they were "neither trained nor equipped" to deal with inter-ethnic violence, Mr Eckhard said.
Shares of Coke were down 49 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $43.52 in early trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange.
NASIRIYA, Iraq—Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch have angrily dismissed claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.
If people took the pill daily, they would lower their risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists claim.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
If Shelley certifies enough are valid, the lieutenant governor must call an election within 60 to 80 days, setting the state into uncharted political waters.
The most serious breach of royal security in recent years occurred in 1982 when 30-year-old Michael Fagan broke into the queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace.
Shares of LendingTree rose 22 cents to $14.69 and have risen 14 percent this year.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
"The vulnerabilities all relate to a lack of effective FAA oversight that needs to be improved," the report said.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
"I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
The others were ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL].
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.
She first went to a specialist for initial tests last Monday, feeling tired and unwell.
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
Don Asper called the attack "bothersome," before he and his wife contacted the firm's Web site provider to replace the vandalized page.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
York had no problem with MTA's insisting the decision to shift funds had been within its legal rights.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
In his speech, Cheney praised Barbour's accomplishments as chairman of the Republican National Committee.
If the magazine lost more than $4.2 million in a fiscal year, O'Donnell would be allowed to quit.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
During her two days of meetings, Rocca will not meet the rebels since they are banned by the United States as a "terrorist organisation".
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165.
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships--about twice the ships it has today.
We are piloting it there to see whether we roll it out to other products.
This issue is unlikely to be resolved until lawmakers return from their summer recess in early September.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Mr. Reed said in his letter.
The index also did better than the Standard & Poor's 500 index, which increased 3.3 percent.
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
Judge Gerald W. Heaney, in dissent, said the authorities should have allowed the prisoner to be medicated without the consequence of execution.
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws, and IBMs claims based thereon, or related thereto, are barred."
NASA plans to follow-up the rovers' missions with additional orbiters and landers before launching a long-awaited sample-return flight.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
In a statement, Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
The jury asked for transcripts of Quattrone's testimony about his role in the IPO allocation process.
I have no doubt whatever that the evidence of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction will be there.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
Court Judge Robert Sweet said the plaintiffs failed "to draw an adequate casual connection between the consumption of McDonald's food and their alleged injuries."
A neighbor said a duffel bag containing a woman's body was dug up, and the other body was encased in concrete.
At least five class-action lawsuits have been filed, including one in Pennsylvania.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft -- all 737s -- and found no additional items.
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry also said it would throw out or send back all Canadian beef currently in store.
"It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances," Burke said.
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
"The Domino application server is going to be around for at least the next decade."
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
The study is being published today in the journal Science.
"The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination," said Pierre Pettigrew, Canada's trade minister, in a statement.
Kay was sent to Iraq to co-ordinate efforts to find the weapons that US intelligence reported before the invasion that ousted Iraqi president Saddam Hussein had.
"It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information," Tom Daschle, the senate Democratic leader, told reporters.
Monday's attacks Monday were among the deadliest against Americans since Sept. 11, 2001.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
Police and school officials agreed last week to step up police presence in response to reports of increased violence and gang activity.
"We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realized that it was a big thing," Mr. Beer said.
Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger is leaving backers in suspense, and former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan will consider if the Terminator balks.
But planning for an expansion of Wagerup has been caught up in a heated debate about the existing project's effect on local residents.
PeopleSoft management could choose to activate an anti-takeover defense known as a "poison pill," designed to thwart undesired suitors.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
Michael Hill, a Sun reporter who is a member of the Washington-Baltimore Newspaper Guild's bargaining committee, estimated meetings to last late Sunday.
Coca-Cola said it expected its write-down to cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings.
The Defense Department statement said legal access for Hamdi was not required by domestic or international law and "should not be treated as precedent."
Clijsters was simply too complete and powerful for the Spanish veteran Conchita Martínez in her quarterfinal, winning, 6-2, 6-1.
City Councilman Cedric Wilson said those killed were Cpl. James Crump, Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer.
But, to the dismay of Reaganites, there is no mention of the Reagan-era economic boom.
The interview came a day after a report in the British press that he had been taken into custody.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
"I don't know whether that means two years or four years.
Walker said he expects that the president's budget will include a request for three percent to five percent budget increases for NASA for each of the next five years.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
Both have said they are willing to take the slim chance of success for the opportunity to lead separate lives.
She had been critically ill after May 7 surgery to replace a heart valve.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Braker said Wednesday that police, as part of protocol, were talking with other children Cruz had access to.
The state will consider the police memorial after planning a World Trade Center Memorial, said Micah Rasmussen, a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey.
Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress, and that weak links such as being tied to a single server will be eliminated over time.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
The State Court of Appeals did not explain the reason for keeping the lower court's unanimous opinion from July.
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
Powell recently changed the story, telling officers that Hoffa's body was buried at his former home, where the search was conducted Wednesday.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
Stock futures were mixed in early Thursday trading, but trading below fair value, pointing to a lower open for the major market indexes.
Worldwide, 7,183 SARS cases and 514 deaths have been reported in 30 countries.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
Further estimates show that it is the fourth most common cause of cancer in men and the eighth most common in women.
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.
Both studies are published in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
His Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, parking lot.
Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerage houses to settle investigations of analyst conflicts of interest.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
The three men have pleaded not guilty and their lawyers have asked the High Court to dismiss the charges, saying the state has failed to present a solid case.
A Florida grand jury investigating pharmaceutical wholesalers indicted 19 people on charges of peddling bogus or diluted medications often prescribed for cancer and AIDS patients, authorities said yesterday.
The Bush administration's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older power plants -- especially coal -- more power can be produced more cheaply.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
His chief lawyer, Mahendradatta, said Bashir was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision.
This comes at a time when Alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase.
The new Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processors are numbered 3200+, 3000+ and 2800+.
The main psychologist, Dwight Close, referred questions to an agency spokeswoman, who said she wouldn't comment on personnel issues.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
The survey also found that executives who feel that current economic conditions have improved rose to 35 per cent from 15 per cent last quarter.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
"This is where you're measured – not in the regular season but right now.
"I would like the FCC to start all over," said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, who supported reversing the rules.
Dave Tomlin, assistant general counsel of The A.P., said his organization was still deciding whether to appeal.
Weyerhaeuser is the one of the worlds largest producers of softwood lumber, with the capacity to produce 7.6 billion board feet a year.
If their circulatory systems are not properly separated, it could kill one or both of them, doctors have said.
"Our goals is not to go out and start suing companies," McBride said.
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail each.
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.
Saddam's other son, Odai, surrendered Friday, but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a U.S. agent.
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia, while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters, from all sides, in the region.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
Total Information Awareness is now Terrorism Information Awareness.
David Brame fatally shot his wife and then himself on April 26 in a Gig Harbor shopping-mall parking lot.
"I just hope that this event doesn't tarnish his career or take away from what he's done."
Robert B. Willumstad, 57, Citigroup's president, was named chief operating officer.
The service is deploying Cisco's BTS 10200 Softswitch cable modem termination system and MGXR 8850 voice gateway products.
Last year, there were shortages of shots for diphtheria-tetanus-whooping cough, measles-mumps-rubella, pneumococcal disease, tetanus and chicken pox nationally.
County Judge Tim Harley declared a mistrial because the jury could not reach a verdict.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
Pacific Northwest has more than 800 employees, and Wells Fargo has 2,400 in Washington.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 _ two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
No official ceremony was planned to mark the anniversary in Dallas.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
The victims were last seen at church last Sunday; their bodies were discovered Tuesday.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
Software developers use compilers to translate programming languages such as C++ into the language that can be read by a particular processor.
In Albany, for example, 24 percent of students passed; in South Colonie, 14 percent.
Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair apologized Thursday for his arrest hours earlier in Nashville on suspicion of drunken driving and illegal possession of a handgun.
That second dossier, passed to journalists during Mr Blair's trip to Washington, said it drew on "a number of sources, including intelligence material".
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
Sen. John Kerry, Massachusetts Democrat, came in second place for the quarter with $5.8 million.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
Police said yesterday they believe Mr. Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates, though neither the girl nor her family knew him.
The Prime Minister, Junichiro Koizumi, joined the criticism.
There is one drug on the market for macular degeneration, Visudyne, and it is approved for the treatment of only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
Speaking for the first time since being charged with child molestation, Jackson added, "Why not?
The bureau also failed to pursue other leads, including a local imam who dealt with several key 9-11 figures.
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," one politician said.
The Johnson-Lewis fight was to be the main event of a boxing doubleheader at the Staples Center in Los Angeles.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
The Herald reported on Tuesday that internet developer Bruce Simpson was building a missile from parts ordered over the internet and shipped through Customs.
Papandreou said EU leaders would discuss the appointment of Trichet as ECB president on Thursday evening or Friday.
Vivendi pointed out that in both possible combinations, it would maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation "with excellent growth potential."
Zilkha and other shareholders, including Coastal founder Oscar Wyatt Jr., had called for Wise's firing for months.
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
Cooper, the boy's mother, started coming to the church about three months ago after she met a parishioner at a doctor's office, Hemphill said.
To win final United States approval, the treaty would have to be signed by President Bush and ratified by Congress.
The deal with the Carmel-based insurer is expected to close shortly, said Macklowe spokesman Howard J. Rubenstein.
Intelligence officials in Washington warned lawmakers a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia, it was reported today.
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
Her amendment would have changed the bill by keeping with current Texas law, which gives school districts the option to hold a moment of silence and recite the pledge.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
Under the Government Network Security Act of 2003, federal agencies would have six months to develop and implement P2P security plans.
Sales as measured by volume, a key gauge of financial health in the beverage sector, grew 5 percent in the quarter.
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
Two kids from Michigan are in today's third round.
He will leave Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge, Suffolk, on Monday, July 21.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
"In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history," Bush said.
Retail industry experts predict the next five days will likely make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index pulled back by nearly 4 points to 1,066.62.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
The FBI informed Easynews that an individual had used the Easynews UseNet server   to upload the SoBig.F virus on Monday, August 18th, the company said in a statement.
"It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
But Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
Both were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of endangering the welfare of children.
"The layoff is an excuse," countered Anaheim coach Mike Babcock.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
At 11:30 a.m., Edmund Hillary of New Zealand and Tenzing Norgay Sherpa of Nepal reached the summit.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
Beaumont said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
GE stock were up 37 cents to $28.56 in morning New York Stock Exchange trade.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
The ruling ``is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal to the Sixth Circuit,'' Taubman Centers said in a statement.
Authorities did not immediately release the identities of the victims pending family notification.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
The cuts are expected to save Texas consumers more than $510 million, and most policyholders will see reductions, Black said.
In New Hampshire yesterday, Mr Bush reiterated Saddam's regime "possessed and used weapons of mass destruction, sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people".
The final round of the bee will be broadcast on ESPN at 1 p.m. Thursday.
At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.
To put it very simply, Antetonitrus is Brontosaurus's older brother, hence the name.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
Bush already is halfway to his goal of raising $150 million to $170 million for next year's primaries.
"Turning the corner does not mean we've crossed the finish line," Gregory told reporters.
The latest raid came as US lawmakers debate a report that accuses Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism.
Doctors who knowingly violate the ban could face up to two years in prison.
The delegation leaves Chicago today, then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial.
As planned, the services will be rolled into Yukon when it ships (see story).
Toronto Police Chief Chief Julian Fantino confirmed Friday morning that a man had been arrested in the slaying of Toronto girl Holly Jones.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
Marshall pressed the practical case that a quite similar civil-rights bill based on the 14th Amendment was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883.
But she said it will be difficult for investigators to directly tie any decline in shuttle funding to the February disaster.
The Toronto Stock Exchange opened on time and slightly lower.
The special tests were developed to measure student progress in meeting the state's standards for the content taught in each grade.
At least 1,750 people were ordered to evacuate their homes shortly before 9 a.m. as a precaution, said Steve Powers, Marquette County administrator.
It is essential that proceedings against accused terrorists both be fair and appear fair to outside observers, he said.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
The technology is available for download on the Microsoft Developer Network (MSDN) site.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
It is for that reason that legal scholars said the Denver ruling is at least plausible.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI finished down 31.23 points, or 0.33 percent, at 9,317.64.
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 1.8 points, or 0.18 percent, to 991.
But he said labor would see whether other senators can increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro hailed the appellate court ruling.
In an appearance before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday, Mr. Blair suggested that only "evidence of weapons programs" rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered.
The banks neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements.
But 13 people have been killed since 1900 and hundreds injured.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
The April 19, 1995, bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building came on the second anniversary of the fiery end of the Branch Davidian siege in Waco, Texas.
The year-ago comparisons were restated to include Compaq results.
Investment bank Merrill Lynch raised its investment rating on the business software maker Oracle to "buy" from "neutral" with a 12-month price target of $15.
The report confirmed the ACLU's view that the civil liberties and rights of immigrants "were trampled in the aftermath of 9/11," said Romero.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
United is working closely with the Air Transportation Stabilization Board to replace the aspects of its loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December.
The moves came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board finished investigating.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
The appeals court judges were in sharp disagreement over what should be done when they ruled in February.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
Another is investor disenchantment with US investments, leading them to pull out of US assets - selling dollars as they do so and driving the dollar exchange rate down.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
"Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough," Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
Eight firefighters also suffered minor injuries, including burns, heat exhaustion, bruises and muscle strain, and were treated and released from the hospital, fire officials said.
Hundreds of soldiers took part in the early morning raid, an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to airstrikes in Gaza.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular Internet Explorer toolbar, adding bells and whistles for surfers.
The last time the S&P had a larger one-day point loss was also May 19, when it gave back 23.53 to close at 920.77.
I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index shot up 5.7 percent for the week.
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights including seats on other airlines for passengers.
Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday, two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions.
A company spokeswoman declined to say how much Qwest receives in annual revenue from government contracts.
For the week ended June 15, a total of 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the United States, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.
Genentech Inc., the world's second-biggest biotechnology company, and Xoma Ltd. said their Rapitva drug failed to help patients with rheumatoid arthritis in a study.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
Shares ended Wednesday at $6.83, up 2 cents.
"As a professional," he added, "I think I'd like to be thought of as a good storyteller.
Federal prosecutors, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the mortgage company's regulator launched investigations into Freddie Mac's shake-up.
Forecasters predict the storm will reach Earth at 3 p.m. eastern time Friday and could last up to 18 hours.
Yet another big fight has been over a White House proposal to privatize air-traffic control at major airports.
The initial report was made to Modesto Police December 28.
"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you," said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said a search is ongoing but would not comment on the status.
After a seven-day trial last year, Thompson found the monument to be an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
Today, he will find out whether he is still in the running to buy back the U.S. entertainment business of troubled Vivendi Universal SA.
The victims were not identified, although authorities said at least one of the bodies had been there about a year.
Ahold Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his "sincere apologies" for the scandal.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc.JCP.N and Walgreen Co.WAG.N kick things off early in the week.
Defense lawyers had objected in pretrial hearings to the videotape and the photo, saying they were too unclear to identify Muhammad.
"I have lots of bad dreams, I have flashbacks, I have lots of anger.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
The petition alleges that Huletts unfair sales have damaged the U.S. industry, sending market prices below sustainable levels.
Australia,Chile, Colombia, El Salvador, Honduras, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru and Uruguay will also support the challenge.
Gateway will release new Profile 4 systems with the new Intel technology on Wednesday.
The government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites on Sunday in a loosely coordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.
Mrs. Clinton said she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
Tony winners will be announced June 8 at the Radio City Music Hall in New York.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
Tony-award winning dancer and actor Gregory Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
Hampton Township is a few miles northeast of Bay City, about 100 miles away.
And his justification for the bombing was that while it caused short-term material damage, it was for the long-term moral good of Bali.
It indicates, Robert said, “that terrorists really don’t care who they attack.
The Supreme Court long ago held that students could not be compelled to join in the pledge.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Iraq's nuclear program had been dismantled and there was no convincing evidence it was being revived, the report said.
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
"These foods have an almost identical effect on lowering cholesterol as the original cholesterol-lowering drugs."
"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.
State Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in court this morning, "It was an ill-conceived lawsuit."
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
Magner, who is 54 and known as Marge, has been the consumer group's chief operating officer since April 2002, and sits on Citigroup's management committee.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
Closed sessions are routinely held at the United Nations tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes, but usually to protect witnesses's safety.
Although it's unclear whether Sobig was to blame, The New York Times also asked employees at its headquarters yesterday to shut down their computers because of "system difficulties."
The incubation period in cattle is four to five years, said Stephen Sundlof of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
His band in the early 1930's included the pianist Teddy Wilson, the saxophonist Chu Berry, the trombonist J. C. Higginbotham and the drummer Sid Catlett.
We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCOLinux until these issues are resolved," Sontag said.
Aiken's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Slightly more than half of the profit shortfall results from a sales slump, with weakness spread across the company's various geographic and end markets.
Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the NPT treaty which would allow U.N. inspections at short notice.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
The victim, whose name was not released, underwent surgery at the hospital.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Other features include FileVault, which secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption on the fly.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
After Saddam's regime crumbled in early April, it had to wait for legal hurdles to be crossed before sales could resume.
The number of extremely obese adults -- those who are at least 100 pounds overweight -- has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted work for several hours while waiting for the anthropologist to arrive from Indianapolis.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
The company will be able to start recording profits from HPS immediately, Perot Systems spokeswoman Mindy Brown said.
White House officials also deleted a reference to a 1999 study showing that global temperatures had risen sharply in the previous decade compared with the last 1,000 years.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
Federal and local officials, including Bush, saw no apparent sign of terrorism.
U.N. inspectors later said the documents were old and irrelevant -- some administrative material, some from a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
It will also delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick, 62, who agreed to stay on until the deal was completed and Buhrmann bedded down in PaperlinX.
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
Several current and former ferry officers have said the rules were routinely ignored and seldom enforced.
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
Heavy weekend rain and runoff from heavy snowmelt sent a mountain creek on a rampage, washing out a culvert and opening the sinkhole in I-70 east of Vail.
Spinal Concepts, launched in 1996, makes orthopedic medical devices used during spinal fusion surgical procedures.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.
State Republican Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away from referring to Wise's problems in the 2004 gubernatorial campaign.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
NBC also announced it has struck a deal to keep ER on the air for three more seasons.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
In court, she briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and quietly made notes in a spiral-bound notebook.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know," the statement read.
Jackson's visit came after a relatively peaceful night in Benton Harbor, which sits in southwestern Michigan about 100 miles northeast of Chicago.
The attacks came as Mr Sharon faced down the hardline central committee of his Likud party in Jerusalem.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
The World Health Organization — another Lilly partner, along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University — has declared TB a global emergency.
Five Jordanian embassy staff were wounded but were in stable condition.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
"The case has been ready to go for some time," said FBI Special Agent Craig Dahle in Birmingham.
"One can say that the euro at the moment is about at the level which better reflects the fundamentals," he said.
Thats why the Americans with all their technology cant find him.
U.S. District Judge William Steele set a hearing tomorrow on the lawsuit.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
We're electing a president of the United States, not a staff."
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
The nation's median household income, adjusted for inflation, declined 1.1 percent, to $42,409 in 2002, the Census Bureau reported Friday.
The picture changes a bit should Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton be the Democratic presidential candidate.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Her lawyers filed a lawsuit against the Dallas County district attorney, Henry Wade, challenging Texas's abortion laws.
Police said the suspected Marriott suicide bomber was Asmar Latin Sani, 28, from the island of Sumatra.
Both were a few metres apart, Mr Laczynski pressing against the metal fence dividing court officials from the crowd.
The European Union was due Monday to demand Iran accept "urgently and unconditionally" tougher nuclear inspections and to link compliance with a pending trade deal.
Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years, some experts are saying, could be undermining efforts to promote safe sex.
Viles' body was discovered four hours later after he failed to respond to a call to return to his housing unit.
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
About 1,500 firefighters here and north of the neighboring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters, air tankers and bulldozers.
Once seated, the anonymous jurors will be driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
Pappas said he wouldn't hesitate about asking Graham to substitute.
"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
He faces a maximum sentence of 59 to 87 years in prison if convicted.
Elan would receive an additional $25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity, and get a cut of sales on a sliding scale through 2021.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Police today charged three men, one aged 28 and two aged 26, with attempted murder, torture, rape, assault occasioning bodily harm, armed robbery and burglary.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. are developing similar medications, designed to target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
Jirsa is being introduced as Marshall head coach today at a noon news conference in the Bob Hartley/Big Green Room of Cam Henderson Center, The Herald-Dispatch learned.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
Police Chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa, who heads the national police intelligence group that had custody of Ghozi, has offered to resign, according to Ebdane.
Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames, which have destroyed more than 8,000 hectares (20,000 acres) of pinewood since the blazes started Monday afternoon.
And as more than 100 people on death rows have been exonerated, other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
Numan was the Baath Party's regional command chairman responsible for west Baghdad.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion - Australian football - as the world champion relaxed before his Wimbledon title defence.
Microsoft says customers can install applications and software on their handset wirelessly or from a PC via USB connection.
Shares of Schering-Plough were off 2 cents at $16.78 near midday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
"The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
"I don't see the urgency of this, and I am not going to grant this request."
In its statement, the bank said it believed "the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the United Kingdom remain attractive."
The tour plans to make stops in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1-2, and in New York City on Oct. 3-4.
"City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees," says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
The girls and three of the cadets were cited for underage drinking.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
The bill also requires the FCC to hold at least five public hearings before voting on future ownership changes.
State government sources said Travis' move was a direct result of the controversy over the Boudin parole decision.
The Nikkei average closed up 1.5 percent at 8,152.16, a one-month high.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 -- well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, police said.
TI further said that, as a result of the license agreement, it will not change its prices for OMAP devices.
Perkins will travel to Lawrence today and meet with Kansas Chancellor Robert Hemenway.
Continuing the record-setting pace of recent years, personal bankruptcies rose 7.8 percent in the 12 months ending Sept. 30, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts said Friday.
Three Southern politicians who ``stood up to ancient hatreds'' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum.
Enstrom and Kabat focused their work on 35,561 people who had never smoked but had spouses who did.
Symantec yesterday bought SSL VPN appliance vendor SafeWeb for $26 million in cash.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
But the plan was dropped because some of the terrorists were uncomfortable that schoolchildren would be their victims.
A senior Whitehall official said: "It devalued the currency, there is no question about that.
"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin, R-La., said Friday that he will hold a hearing on the blackout as soon as lawmakers return in September.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
Says IBM: "Electrons come down from the poly-silicon emitter, accelerate through the SiGe base, and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode.
In March, SCO Group filed a lawsuit against IBM charging unfair competition and breach of contract.
Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D., is leading the opposition.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London and will be extended over the next month to police around the country.
The Passion will feature actor James Caviezel as Christ and actress Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene.
U.S. officials say the six were, like other prisoners at the U.S. Naval base in Cuba, suspected of involvement with al-Qaida, Afghanistan's Taliban or some other group.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end," said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
A report on the finding appears in Friday's issue of the journal Science.
The autopsy was ordered sealed at the request of both the prosecution and defense.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
"I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders," Ms McCorvey said at a news conference in Dallas on Tuesday.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
Meanwhile, the U.S. civilian administrator for Iraq, L. Paul Bremer, paid a two-hour visit to the northern cities of Erbil and Sulaimaniyah.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points, or 0.60 percent, at 1,912.65.
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
Still, Jessica Biel (of "7th Heaven" fame) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface's last elusive victim.
Police and officials said about 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to struggle to shore.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
The Senate version has no coverage for annual costs between $4,450 and $5,800.
"PeopleSoft management entrenchment tactics continue to destroy the value of the company for its shareholders," said Deborah Lilienthal, an Oracle spokeswoman.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
Michaela Cuomo, youngest daughter of Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy, is 8 months old.
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
"That said, however, no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used."
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
"The Leading Economic Index finally points to a recovery, almost a year and a half after the end of the recession," Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
In winter, it is transformed into a treacherous embankment, a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything.
The intelligence service, headed by Mr. Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures, drug trafficking and disappearances.
Fed policy-makers signaled they were prepared to cut rates, now at a 41-year low, to ward off even the threat of deflation.
"It appears that many employers accused of workplace discrimination will be considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent," he said.
The formula for its baby food is prepared by the German-owned Humana Milchunion.
Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by a quarter or more, U.S. researchers reported on Thursday.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
The man wasn't on the ice, but trapped in the rapids, swaying in an eddy about 250 feet from the shore.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
Net profit was $275m, or 23 cents per American Depositary Receipt, for the period ending March 31.
Agrawal said her research does not suggests that PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
"The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.
Yee is a Chinese-American who converted to Islam after graduating from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
Meanwhile, students and others at Pacific Lutheran University near Tacoma, about 40 miles to the south, acted out a second, simultaneous attack on campus.
The suspect has been charged with juvenile delinquency, based on intentionally causing damage to computers.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of next month, he said, and the agency plans to double its classes in January.
Anything less is unacceptable," said Gordon, the ranking Democrat on the House Space and Aeronautics subcommittee.
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with Thomas.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
"I still don't think it is a trade secret," Bunner said yesterday.
Optima first registered www.optimatech.com with Network Solutions at the end of 1990.
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
According to Saunders, the gunman said he was frustrated by the U.S. Postal Service's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
In the interview, Mr. Reed said board members could not defend themselves by saying they did not realize the size of Mr. Grasso's package.
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
A conviction could bring a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, agreed.
Pepper spray and four arrests marked a Monday evening march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
A powerful typhoon hit southern areas of South Korea, killing at least 42 people and forcing thousands to flee, authorities said yesterday.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
Also demonstrating box-office strength - and getting seven Tony nominations - was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, Long Day's Journey Into Night.
Under the legislation, a physician who performed the procedure could face up to two years in prison.
The German envoy, Gunter Pleuger, told reporters today, "The important issues are how the political process is being organized."
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
Los Angeles- The deep-sea adventure "Finding Nemo" hooked the top spot at the box office yesterday with an estimated $70.6-million opening weekend.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
Larger publishers such as Viacom Inc.'s VIAb.N Simon & Schuster and Bertelsmann AG's BERT.UL Random House decided against pursuing the books group, the sources said.
"We think this planet formed with its star, 12.713 billion years ago when the (Milky Way) galaxy was very young, just in the process of forming."
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
Born in 1953 in Baghdad, her father was Salih Magdi Ammash, a former Vice-President, Defence Minister and member of the Baath party leadership.
It was better under Saddam," said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib, a job-seeking army deserter, when asked what message he would like to convey to Powell.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
He admits that the law "has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."
Among the Group of Seven nations, the leading indicator rose to 119.1 from 118.2 in April.
Mr Kerkorian said: "We believe that recent trading prices of MGM's common stock do not reflect MGM's full value and that the stock represents and attractive investment."
Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, wasn't rushing to endorse the legislation.
"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
New building hasn't put any drag on the skyrocketing median home price, up 14.8 percent to $364,000 in April from a year ago.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
News Corp., whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. to publishing house HarperCollins Publishers Ltd., owns 35 per cent of BSkyB.
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
"It seems to me you're trying to protect privacy of theft," she said to Barr.
West Nile Virus -- which is spread through infected mosquitoes -- is potentially fatal.
As of Friday, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported 1,602 human cases of West Nile so far this year, including 28 deaths.
The company said that based on first-quarter results it expects to earn 90 cents per share for the quarter.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
The statement said Mr Turner transferred 10 million shares of the stock to a charitable trust, which then sold them.
His lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, said later that Cuomo "was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.
A coalition of states petitioned a federal appeals court Thursday in an effort to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.
The results beat the 54 cents loss per share consensus estimate of 23 analysts polled by Thomson First Call.
People with two copies of the mutated gene have double this risk, the researchers said.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
"I'm amazed at the number of people who think there is a silver bullet for security," Capellas said.
State air regulators and two automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday.
"We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying.
"This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth," said O'Neill, who is based in California.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
Staff Sgt. Georg-Andreas Pogany, however, is waiting for that decision in writing.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
Ending the picketing at Ralphs frees up about 18,000 union members.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
The program only spreads further when a computer user clicks on the attached program that then secretly mails itself to e-mail addresses on the user's computer.
The jawbone is similar to those of other early modern humans found in Africa, the Middle East and later in Europe.
"Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
"Just as before, it will be up to the council to decide the direction and the timing of the process."
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
Woodley, 44, died of liver and kidney failure Sunday at a hospital in his native Shreveport, La., said his niece, Lucy Woodley.
Grinspun’s concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms, according to the newspaper.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Each hull will cost about $1.4 billion, with each fully outfitted submarine costing about $2.2 billion, Young said.
"It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800.
The club's board of directors, chaired by president Florentino Perez, decided against renewing the 52-year-old's contract.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
Others keep records sealed for as little as five years or as much as 30.
In addition, Panther includes FileVault, a new feature that secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption.
President George W. Bush said he's appointed Paul Bremer, a security and counter-terrorism expert, as the top U.S. official overseeing the reconstruction of Iraq.
Xcel shares were up 20 cents, to close at $14.10 Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
"Some of us find the collateral damage greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war," said Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif.
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.
However, in the New Jersey case, a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit upheld the government by a 2-1 vote.
In Sweden, 99 percent of women are literate while at the other end of the scale, only eight percent of women in Niger are literate.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Urban hospitals have traditionally been reimbursed at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns.
The deal means the original agreement, signed in August 2001 by the two companies, is now extended through 2006.
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
"To have people say we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong," Thomas quoted Jackson as saying.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qa'ida for money.
It predicted that a 7.0 percent rise to $204.9 billion in 2006 would push the industry's yearly sales slightly past its highest-ever level in in 2000.
We cannot allow anything like that, and we won't."
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
He suddenly found himself confronted with dozens of panicked guests and face to face with one of the men involved in the attack.
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
If found guilty, Samudra could be sentenced to death under anti-terror laws passed soon after the bombings.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
He's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him one bit."
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
NBC also is introducing three new dramas, including one starring West Wing fugitive Rob Lowe as a Washington lawyer.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
The survey of 60,000 people, conducted in 2001 and 2002, found 91 percent of commuters use their own car or truck.
Brian Lara, the West Indies captain, was unbeaten on 93 at the rain interval while Marlon Samuels was five not out.
Mr. Bremer said Iran continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction, including Tehran s intelligence service.
And of those, 149, or 55%, "claimed to treat, prevent, diagnose or cure specific diseases."
"PNC regrets its involvement" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
"If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism," he said.
She says the King County medical examiner's office has confirmed the remains are human.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body that promotes blood-vessel growth.
She recently got the endorsement of the National Organization for Women and the National Women's Political Caucus.
I think he has to disembrace Putin and put him on notice that he is taking the country in the wrong direction," Soros said.
Sen. John Rockefeller, D-W.Va., said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare.
The GameCube, which badly underperformed expectations in the last fiscal year, trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Corp.'s MSFT.O Xbox.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
The Bush administration should make public the fact about Saudi Arabia's complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom, lawmakers said Sunday.
The agent reported his contacts to Texas Department of Public Safety and told officers another legislator, Rep. Gabi Canales, D-Alice, they sought also was in Ardmore.
"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.
Prime Minister Tony Blair, speaking at his monthly news conference, played up the danger and stressed the very grave threat that Britons were under and urged vigilance.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
The Democratic governor said the budget passed by the legislature May 9 would reduce or eliminate services to 5,800 developmentally disabled people.
"The lies and deceptions from Saddam have been well documented over 12 years."
Microsoft Corp. this week is releasing the second in a line of seven Microsoft Office Solution Accelerators for its suite.
Analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech on Monday to a "sell" before the company released its statement on the colon-cancer research.
The four suspects are scheduled to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday, said Philip Murgor, Kenya's deputy public prosecutor.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
Christensen most recently served as VP of Microsoft's mobile devices division.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 22.25 points, or 2.23 percent, to 1,018.22, based on the latest available figures.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
In Uganda, the Rev Jackson Turyagyenda, an Anglican spokesman, said his church was "very disappointed".
His family and friends said he had travelled to the region for a cultural visit.
All of a sudden, its like a bullet went through them its like a state of shock.
On Monday during an annual biotechnology meeting in Washington, President Bush criticized Europe for aggravating hunger in Africa by closing its markets to genetically modified food.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index added 11.98 points, or 0.72 percent, to 1,680.42.
Casteen has been under pressure from Gov. Mark R. Warner and other state officials to do whatever he could to protect Virginia Tech's athletic viability.
Intel Corp. narrowed its second-quarter revenue forecast Thursday, saying sales of microprocessors were at the high end of normal while demand for communications chips remained soft.
He met members of the nation's biggest business lobby and was quoted as saying he wanted China to adopt flexible trade and foreign exchange policies.
The subject was scarcely mentioned in his campaign, or in the national security strategy that is his administration's bible.
"It is about a third of what I owe in the world," he told reporters.
The House barely had the necessary 100 members present for a quorum.
The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for 10,410 pounds of beef slaughtered Dec. 9 at Vern's Moses Lake Meat Co. in Moses Lake, Wash.
"The SEC believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation," the commission said in the suit.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests where portions of projects meant to reduce the fire threat were tied up in appeals.
"Each institution helped Enron mislead its investors by characterizing what were essentially loan proceeds as cash from operating activities," the SEC said in a statement.
When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus, Perez said the officers dragged him across the ground.
The MTA will not discuss the matter because of pending litigation.
"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud," prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
It features clasped hands and a peace pipe overlapping a hatchet.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
This study's researchers, from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota, had earlier found the same pattern in children aged three and four.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
He presented the map at last week's Sixth International Conference on Mars in Pasadena, Calif.
"This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally."
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Enter Miami Police Chief John Timoney, an avowed enemy of activist "punks" who repeatedly classified FTAA opponents as "outsiders coming in to terrorize and vandalize our city."
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
On Thursday, Taiwan reported 131 suspected cases of the disease -- up 11 cases from a day earlier.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
Malvo, 18, will go on trial Nov. 10 for the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church, Va.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
Misfeldt agreed to pay $US346,807 in allegedly ill-gotten gains and $US111,595 in interest.
Penn Traffic a week ago disclosed that it was considering filing for bankruptcy, among other options.
The software giant announced at its company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas that two key products will enter customer testing.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
Quinn was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment.
Tornadoes tore through Kansas, Missouri and other states in the Midwest, killing as many as 29 people, the Associated Press reported.
The magazine glorifies the soldiers but not necessarily the Bush administration, which put them in Iraq.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
State Democratic Chairman Herman Farrell, who is also chairman of the state Assembly's Ways and Means Committee, seemed perfectly happy to make it a political fight.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
Michael W. Stout, 56, was named executive vice president and chief information officer.
UBS Warburg added to pressure on tobacco stocks by downgrading Altria to neutral from buy based on valuation.
JetBlue shares slipped nearly 5 percent Tuesday morning on the Nasdaq Stock Market in New York after the deal was announced.
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade yesterday warned Australians to defer all nonessential travel to Indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks.
"In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now."
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
And they ordered state troopers to prevent camera crews from filming Private Lynch outside her home.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
"There is nothing Rob Furst did in any way that was not abetted and approved by senior officials at Merrill Lynch."
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic ``paper'' for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications -- even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
Officials involved in the Howard project rejected the idea that it could harm black people.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> added 12.64 points, or 1.28 percent, to 997.48.
I felt like it was a special day, but I didn't want to get ahead of myself," Stanford said.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
John Jacoby, the fire department's battalion chief, arrived.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
Nationwide, there have been 4,416 cases with 84 deaths, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Friday tally.
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23.
Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal the ruling in state court and perhaps in U.S. District Court.
"There are a number of locations in our community, which are essentially vulnerable," Mr Ruddock said.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
The high court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
Merck also on Monday affirmed plans to spin off Medco to shareholders in the third quarter.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
At this writing, the fate of Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore hangs precariously in the hands of the states court of the judiciary.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
Its chief executive, Lawrence J. Lasser, resigned under pressure last Monday.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
Lacy's last column, filed from the hospital, appeared in Friday's editions.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
Parsons holds engineering degrees from the University of Mississippi and the University of Central Florida.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
"But unfortunately we find that attacks on Iraqis have increased."
The Bush administration said Monday it will propose a rule change allowing governors to seek exemptions from a policy blocking road-building in remote areas of national forests.
This Wednesday, the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat, formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot day, June 25, 1876.
After 10 years of debate, the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case, homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last evening at the home near Finch Ave. and Hwy. 404.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
"The day may come when courts properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases," Wolf wrote.
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
Montreal-based Bombardier's Class B shares rose 6 Canadian cents to C$3.80 in Toronto on Friday.
Snow made his comments to Reuters on Friday but they were embargoed until Tuesday.
At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings in Gaithersburg, Md., on Tuesday and Wednesday, with experts and activists lining up on each side.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
It closed Tuesday at its highest level since last June.
"The hard-core fans came out for Reloaded and then moved on," says John Shaw of the box office tracking firm Movieline International.
From Broadway comedies like "The Seven Year Itch" (1952), "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?"
Pollack said the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
"For us that doesn't make a difference, the sexual orientation," Tutu told television reporters in Soweto.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
Pascal Lamy, the EU’s Trade Commissioner, insisted: “The EU’s regulatory system for GM goods authorisation is in line with WTO rules.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
In recent years, Hampton kept in touch with friends and stayed in trouble: He faced charges of fare-beating and credit card theft.
Five-year notes US5YT=RR rose 6/32 in price for a yield of 3.08 percent, down from 3.12 percent late on Tuesday.
The women said those rape victims who did come forward were routinely punished for minor infractions while their assailants escaped judgement, prompting most victims to remain silent.
At least 154 people, most of them opposition activists or officials, were arrested across the country Monday, police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement.
Lesser rewards of $15 million each were offered for the same information about his sons, Uday and Qusay.
"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient," said Ari Fleischer, the White House press secretary.
"They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away," he said on Sunday.
"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
United hasn't set a starting date for the unit, known within the Chicago-based company as Starfish.
Vial estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the pass through the Siskiyou Mountains was closed Sunday night.
They said they only wanted to entertain people and win the best float prize and were fired for exercising their free-speech rights.
"This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming," Nintendo R&D general manager Satoru Okada said in a statement.
"It is wasting both water and money," Ortega said Tuesday.
The United States says 1,882 Americans remain listed as missing in action and unaccounted for from the Vietnam War.
Intel spokesman Dan Francisco said the chip maker is looking into the issue, but declined to elaborate.
Feith said people have misconstrued the purpose of the small intelligence review team he assembled in October 2001.
Also in the majority were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens, Sandra Day O'Connor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
Netanyahu and his advisers say the changes are necessary to permit Israel to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
Treasuries were dragged lower on Friday as shorter-dated debt was roiled by conflicting reports on the likelihood of an aggressive easing in U.S. interest rates.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 14.35 points, or 0.89 percent, at 1,617.91.
"What can I say to you?" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
But the Quartet is divided three-to-one, the United States against the rest, on the question of whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people.
Kaichen's former landlord, Carol Halperin of Chappaqua, said Kaichen told her she volunteered at Ground Zero after the attack.
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
I'm never going to forget this day.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
The Labor Day race for Fontana has gained momentum since the series visited the Speedway for the Auto Club California 500 last April.
To date, 152 communities and the legislatures of Alaska, Hawaii and Vermont have approved resolutions condemning the act.
The warning was the most serious the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
That comment undercut his remarks in an interview on Tuesday that the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
On Friday, the U.S. Department of Labour reported that the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April, while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent.
At a press conference Thursday, the group claimed it had obtained 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall, although the petitions have no legal effect.
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
A fifth member of the "Lackawanna Six," young Yemeni-American men accused of training at an al-Qaida terrorist camp, pleaded guilty Monday to supporting terrorism.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
"We are expending all available resources toward the investigation," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
The impact of these shortages, U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday, "will touch virtually every American."
The U.S. State Department travel warning said the threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya and includes Nairobi.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its anti-discrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.
She was 26 then, and a friend tipped her to another position and told her whom to call.
If successful, the "Muses-C" will be the first probe to make a two-way trip to an asteroid.
The first of those discussions is expected to get under way in the next three to five months.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
A bill that would have fully legalized marijuana for medical purposes in Connecticut was narrowly defeated in the House of Representatives on Wednesday.
Terri Schiavo, 39, suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack 13 years ago.
I never punished a victim,'' said Brigadier General Taco Gilbert, the school's former number two officer.
"If they want to replace 11i with PeopleSoft, now that would make sense."
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Simon shares Tuesday closed up 42 cents, or about 1 percent, at $39.45 on the New York Stock Exchange.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2 1/2 servings.
Sabri Yakou, an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident, appeared before a federal magistrate yesterday on charges of violating U.S. arms-control laws.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
The company added, "until more facts are presented, Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side."
U.S. Wireless restated its financial results when fraud was uncovered, increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss to $17 million from $11 million.
"I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply," said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after calling 911, saying he needed help because he was hearing voices, authorities said.
After his retirement, Foley served as assistant secretary of energy for defense programs under President Ronald Reagan.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
According to Tuesday's report, consumers' assessment of current conditions was less favourable than a month earlier.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
"It seems clear the climate is changing," he said, asked to explain the flooding that keeps ravaging the southeast.
Hilsenrath was also indicted on 33 counts of wire fraud, which each carry a maximum penalty of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine and restitution.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
Two of them are on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal.
The dead cavalry have been honored for more than a century with a hilltop granite obelisk and white headstones.
Under the new pricing scheme, Universal would lower its wholesale price on a CD to $9.09 from $12.02.
They boy's father, Terrance Cottrell Sr., 33, said yesterday he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible.
The two companies said PowderJect's strong U.S. position would complement Chiron's European presence.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
The interest rate sensitive two year Schatz yield was down 5.8 basis points at 1.99 percent.
It represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture."
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
Started on Christmas Day in 1931, the Met's matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world.
Guidant said it will continue to ship the product and provide support to doctors and patients through October 2003.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
Campaign officials said the moves may have been a source of some friction with Fowler.
Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton's promising future is in doubt after an announcement Monday he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems.
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
The 2 1/2 -ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 3:49 p.m. Eastern time, disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000-mph free-fall.
Sen. Michael Crapo, R-Idaho, chairman of the subcommittee that will consider the nomination, is a longtime friend.
If Senator Clinton does decide to run in 2008, she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006, which is when she faces re-election for the Senate.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
Intel sells the current top Pentium for US$637 in quantities of 1,000.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
"Good cause has been clearly shown that such change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial," Prince William County Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette Jr. wrote.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
EnCana also reaffirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004.
New Line Cinema's prequel comedy, "Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd" opened with $11.1 million.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short or long lived," he said.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
"We've got quality players," said Pirates manager Lloyd McClendon.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the vital rice crop as harvesting had just finished.
Since it expanded its shipments to the United States, Hulett has captured a significant share of the U.S. market.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
"The figures are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
This is a good day for Americas farmers, said Sen. Charles Grassley, an Iowa Republican, in reaction to the administration announcement.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
"He's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber, we should shoot first and ask questions later," one senior officer said.
Tight media controls and the remote location of the northern village where the fighting broke out made it impossible to confirm what happened.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
Sales of $21.6 billion, up 10 percent from $19.7 billion a year ago, were ahead of Wall Street's estimate of $21.4 billion.
Dr. Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers.
Kodak said the PracticeWorks deal is expected to add about $215 million to its revenue in the first full year after the acquisition.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
Unless their parents submit written objections, students, regardless of citizenship status, would be required to participate in the pledges and the minute of silence.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
Scott McClellan, a White House spokesman, called the decision "troubling and flawed."
Team President Ken Sawyer told the Pittsburgh Post Gazette Sunday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team.
Muhammad's trial began Oct. 14 in nearby Virginia Beach.
"Until this site was reported, the earliest site in Bering land-bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago," Grayson said.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
Grassley and Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
An outspoken opponent of terrorism, Said's key political allies were Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders outside the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority.
"In fact, I was physically sick several times at this stage, because he looked so desperate," she said.
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
The exotic animal trade is enormous, and it continues to spiral out of control.
Proposition 34, a campaign financing initiative that voters passed in 2000, limits fund raising and spending by gubernatorial candidates.
The 90-minute exchange in Boston took place at a debate focusing on the issues of interest to young people.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
The combined companies' commercial and personal lines will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and will be based in Hartford, Conn., Travelers' current headquarters.
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dipped 6.62 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,917.67.
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said "we are pleased with the judge's decision."
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
That fire devastated timber on the reservation, while charring 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes in surrounding communities.
The body of one of the four teens, 17-year-old Max Guarino, was found April 25 in Long Island Sound.
The number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent, the FBI said.
If he is successful in reaching a cease-fire, known as a "hudna," Abbas will hold more talks with Sharon, their third one-on-one meeting in a month.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
Altria shares fell $1.23, or 2.8 percent, to $42.44 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.
It warned that London, along with several other foreign cities, was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
He cut his rating for XL shares to "neutral" from "buy," and said the shares "will not rebound quickly."
Igen's stock closed $4.70 or nearly 13.7 percent higher at $39.10 on the Nasdaq market.
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
Ms Lanier's first heart tumour was removed from the upper part of her heart in 1997, returning in 1999, in 2001 and again this year.
On May 22, 2002, a man walking his dog came across some of Levy's bones in Washington's Rock Creek Park.
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
Both strain 121 and Pyrolobus belong to a branch on the tree of life known as the archaea.
These days, even death penalty proponents in the Legislature say they are solidly outnumbered by opponents.
At issue is the scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering, but not theology.
The biggest cut ordered was for Hanover Lloyds Insurance Co. -- 31 percent.
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday.
Revenue plunged 19 percent to $2.07 billion from $2.56 billion in the year-earlier quarter.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
He told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
The agency said it would not release the name of the person involved because he is a minor.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
"And the swagger of a president who says 'Bring 'em on' does not bring our troops peace or safety."
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce more cuts to their valuations.
Acer said its Veriton 7600G incorporates the Intel 865G chipset and is priced starting at $949.
The row intensified after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon said the government would go ahead with planned cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
The leader of Myanmar's National League for Democracy won a 1990 election by a landslide but was never allowed to govern.
The Foundation said telephone support would cost $39.95 per incident.
It is the first major industrial plant for Leighton as project manager.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
But for a meaningful dialogue to begin, cross-border terrorism should end and terror infrastructure must be dismantled.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
The blast occurred at 5 a.m. in the capital's Al-Bayaa district, police said.
The report finds that 6.5 percent of American adults were diagnosed with diabetes in 2002 compared with 5.1 percent in 1997.
Omar's brother, Zahid, and wife, Tahari, were arrested on May 2 in Derbyshire.
The company has 30 days to respond to the charges before the FCC makes a final ruling.
The study results were presented Tuesday at a meeting of the American Thoracic Society in Seattle, and will be published in this week's New England Journal of Medicine.
Associated Press Writer Marc Humbert in Albany contributed to this report.
He said he thought he had hit a dog or a cat, or someone had thrown a rock at his car, the police said.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
Lovett's father, Ron Lovett, issued a statement apologising for his son's behaviour.
"But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition."
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Bridges is a retired Air Force major general and a former shuttle pilot.
You can reach George Hunter at (313) 222-2027 or ghunter@detnews.com.
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," said Gary Costley, Multifoods chairman and chief executive.
The study adds to the evidence that diet might affect a person's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that affects 4 million Americans.
The CGT warned of prolonged industrial action unless Raffarin agreed.
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Jordan said.
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
State air regulators and three automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday.
"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.
In comparison, 86 percent of Israeli Jews say they have a favorable opinion of the United States.
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
Sales -- a figure watched closely as a barometer of health -- rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts predicted.
Doud was shot in the shoulder and underwent surgery at Strong Memorial Hospital, where he was listed in satisfactory condition.
The third case involved contracts signed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
Merseyside police found the truck, without the books, the next morning about 20 miles from the warehouse.
The work appears in the Oct. 22/29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was China's first space mission on October 15.
ABC broadcast a special "World News Tonight" report out of Washington anchored by Ted Koppel.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
It also said it would reconsider its support for the 2003 show, which took place last month.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
If no candidate wins 50 percent plus one in today's election, the top two will meet in a runoff June 3.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
The bomb exploded in Helmand province aboard a bus en route to the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, according to news agency reports.
The UMass president has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995, just before federal indictments were handed down.
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
Air Commodore Pietsch said a 9-11 style aircraft suicide attack was the key concern.
"I don't even worry about it anymore," he said.
The report was sponsored by the Computer & Communications Industry Association (CCIA).
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
"While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn, recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America," Edwards said in a speech.
"First, the target was not clear . . . we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam," he said.
Sharpton nearly jumped out of his chair, saying, "That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Jesse Jackson.
The SharePoint Portal Server application, which facilitates teamwork, retails for $5,619.
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.
The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission have the final say.
"I really liked him and I still do," Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia remembers how he and his friends used to have to sneak around the school yard to speak Spanish.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
Microsoft will pay Time Warner AOL $750 million to settle an outstanding antitrust suit brought by Time Warner's Netscape division.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
UN armored personnel carriers trained machine guns on Bunia's main street but did not open fire.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
For the fourth quarter, Intel expects revenue between $8.1 billion and $8.7 billion.
In version 4.1, a new web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning interface speeds up the flow of information between workstations and the server.
The highest-paid Washington private-college president is Susan Resneck Pierce, who heads the University of Puget Sound.
At midnight, Erika was about 90 miles east of Brownsville and moving toward the west at about 20 mph, with sustained winds near 70 mph.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
The government began on September 1 to add the word "Taiwan" in English to the cover of new passport, a decision slammed by Beijing.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
Pollack said yesterday the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.
The exam is a requirement for graduation, but Mills reversed course after an estimated 60 percent of students statewide failed it.
Ms O'Hare will take time off from studying history at New York University to be in Australia during October for national breast cancer awareness week.
Hurricane Claudette moved toward the Texas coast on Tuesday and was expected to strengthen before making landfall later in the day, forecasters said.
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
"They were tossed around like feathers," Gordon said.
BAT BATS.L also said Managing Director Paul Adams would step up to chief executive from January 1, 2004, to ease the transition.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
Only one test, the effect on financial services, was deemed to be passed.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
The prosecutor said the company knowingly underestimated to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) the number of safety complaints involving the device.
"We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible," Kennedy said.
Officials said it will take lengthy testing to determine if all anthrax spores have been killed.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
EDS said that it was "responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC".
It is not clear whether the apology was written on the orders of Mr Blair or at Mr Campbell's initiative.
The soldiers, from the 3rd Armored Cavalry, were hurt when their Humvee vehicle struck a mine in Hit.
Several protesters were injured by a speeding police van that drove through the crowd.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
Trailing Arsenal by eight points two months ago, United rallied from its worst start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak stretching back to Dec. 26.
Deputies said the incident began at 9:40 a.m. when deputies received a phone call from a person requesting assistance regarding a domestic disturbance at 54346 Avenida Velasco.
The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, fell 2.52 to 410.23.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
"We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
Goldman Sachs said: "We believe this is the right decision for the company, for its employees and for its creditors."
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
In one scene from the film's final script, Reagan says of AIDS patients, "They that live in sin shall die in sin."
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
Laotian officials yesterday called on France, the former colonial power, to help the country find an alternative investor to EdF.
Loan losses, investment writedowns and legal costs led to the largest-ever loss for a European bank last year.
Handspring's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock they own.
"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.
The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases with particularly high rates among blacks like hypertension and diabetes.
To examine the uranium enrichment program -- ElBaradei's priority -- the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites.
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military.
Yesterday, Mr. Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, read a statement over the phone: "Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage.
"I don't think he's been that good from the get-go," said Limbaugh.
"To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better," said Rory Bruer, Sony head of distribution.
"This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time," said Mekki.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
Thursday, U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper will consider the second motion.
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
The supercomputer is actually an eServer and storage system with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo told Reuters there was no damage to the rice crop as harvesting had just finished.
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
Expenses are expected to be approximately $2.3 billion, at the high end of the previous expectation of $2.2-to-$2.3 billion.
America has accused Syria of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters infiltrating through its eastern border into Iraq to attack U.S.-led coalition forces.
Elwin Hermanson and the SaskParty would put the future of our Crown corporations — and our economy — at risk,” the platform reads.
They also showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared with those children with milder forms of the disorder.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
Djerejian said that in the last month Syria has taken steps in response to the pressure, such as relocating the militant group offices out of Damascus.
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
Agrawal said her research neither suggests nor indicates PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women.
Writing for the minority, Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."
The Memory Stick Pro Duo card will be theoretically able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions, according to Sony.
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres, such as Knox City in Melbourne, where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake.
These are real crimes that hurt a lot of people.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
While rising consumer confidence is welcomed, it is not a component of gross domestic product, whereas new home sales are.
Historians believe it was carrying 9 tons of gold coins aimed at buying the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy, a potential ally in southeastern France.
Both markets rallied this past week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meetings on June 24-25.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
"We are keeping an open mind," said Sergeant Magee.
The conference, sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, is focused on eliminating world hunger through genetically modified foods and other technologies.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
The Oct. 9 hearing date is two days after the Lakers open their pre-season with two games in Hawaii.
A police spokesman confirmed: "Greater Manchester Police, with the support of the German authorities and the FBI, have arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt, Germany."
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
The final report on the investigation could take as long as a year, Engleman said at a news briefing.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
The study indicated that men who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop prostate cancer.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
It indicates, Roberts said, "that terrorists really don't care who they attack.
The traditional Mediterranean diet puts the emphasis on vegetables, legumes, fruits, nuts, cereals and olive oil.
She and her husband left behind two sons: Robert, who was six, and Michael, who was 10.
Ultimately, she will earn more than the $900,000 that Kenny Perry got for winning the PGA Tour event.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
The news service reports wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
Agassi is not the only American man through to the third round.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
The unemployment rate inched up one-tenth of a percentage point from April's 6 percent to its highest since July 1994.
"She was very affectionate with them," said Blossom Medley, who also looked after the children.
By March 2003, 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems, compared with 28 percent using DSL.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
"Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives," he said.
From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million.
Veritas will also expand its storage resource management (SRM) suite with the Precise StorageCentral software, focused on file and quota management in Windows environments.
PeopleSoft's board of directors has said it will meet soon to consider the Oracle offer.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Dr Kelly's resignation for his handling of allegedly sexually abusive priests.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
The first time was in 1999, when Bashir replaced the former leader of JI, Abdullah Sungkar, who had died.
Former roommate and teammate Carlton Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged with murder July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Three other fires in or near the park were contained on Wednesday.
"The integration is exceeding almost every expectation we set for ourselves," Mr Roberts said on Thursday.
The Vatican devised a mini-lift to allow the pope to get on and off helicopters.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
Mr. Suen said this evening, after the ruling, that Hong Kong's cabinet would meet "very soon" to decide whether to resume construction.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
Some psychiatrists, Dr. Lieberman among them, noted that other studies of S.S.R.I.'s in children had also failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
In Montana, tensions were high yesterday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an "ugly" forecast: more dry lightning and windstorms.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
Still, analysts said they were disappointed by the company's 68 million pretax charge for weather-related and test failure costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program.
In addition, UDDI will have to significantly be improved to handle those aspects of SOAs.
In fresh bloodshed last night, four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian witnesses and medics said.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground, and shimmied down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof.
They described the abductor as a Hispanic man in his 30s or early 40s, 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5, weighing about 160 pounds.
According to Microsoft's latest proxy report, Ballmer held nearly 471 million shares as of Sept. 9, 2002.
He said it was a movie "meant to inspire, not offend".
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
Ultimately, however, Mrs Clinton decided she still loved her husband – although "as a wife, I wanted to wring Bill's neck".
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
RAAF officers said yesterday a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter-bomber was positioned to intercept the intruder.
They certainly reveal a very close relationship between Boeing and senior Washington officials.
AMD made the announcement on Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
Small-business customers paying $1,200 to $3,200 a year could save $60 to $120.
After the Houston event, Bush returned to his Crawford, Texas, ranch, where he will host Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday and Monday.
The minister said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-member cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks in Casablanca on Friday night.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
"I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose -- of all the Austrian-born body builders," Schwarzenegger said during the benefit at the Fairmont Hotel.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
"It was going to involve others," said prosecutor Kenneth Karas at a Jan. 30 court hearing, reports the Associated Press.
It was third time lucky for Hempleman-Adams, 46, after two previous abandoned attempts to make ballooning history.
In fact, Fatima Haque's prom tonight had practically everything one might expect on one of a teenage girl's most important nights.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
He has been at UCSD since 1991 and was appointed chancellor in 1996, after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
Trading volume was light at 726.40 million shares, but above the 642.73 million exchanged at the same point Wednesday.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
The plan is to convert half of its eight million local phone lines within the next six years.
It aims to end 31 months of violence in which at least 2,034 Palestinians and 737 Israelis have been killed.
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
There's a Jeep in my parents' yard right now that's not theirs,'' said Perry, whose parents are vacationing in North Carolina.
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Mr Jordan said.
Avery Dennison estimated second-quarter revenue between $1.2 billion and $1.23 billion, up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier.
Mehr said police had no way of knowing what Kilpatrick was shooting at when he fired his gun.
If Fortigel, a testosterone gel, had been approved, Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004, Mr. Juelis said.
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
But an agency employee lent the tape to a friend, who lent it to Mr. Gonzalez.
"Due to economic and creative realities, many key people will not be returning," producer David E. Kelley said in a statement.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
Spinnaker employs roughly 83 people; NetApp employs 2,400.
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
The events mark the latest twists in an unfolding scandal involving a form of trading that takes advantage of delays in the ways funds are priced.
The number of lung transplantations also increased from 30 to 64, and the mean waiting time on the transplant list decreased from 290 days to 87 days.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Tuesday introduced its Athlon MP 2800+ processor for entry-level one- and two-way servers and workstations.
The University of Louisville also is auditing Shumaker's expenses while he was president there.
Though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome, Mauresmo isn't favored today.
As a result of the decision, Brown said CareFirst subscribers won't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and to international service providers.
Delmon was 5 when Dmitri was drafted with the fourth pick by St. Louis in 1991.
"Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.
Then it temporarily retracts the hard drive's read-write head until the system is stabilized again.
On Thursday, Long heard arguments from both sides.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
The poll shows Bill White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters -- Orlando Sanchez by 35 percent.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
On Monday, Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company," Mr Argus said.
They found that 18 percent of the men who took finasteride, or 803 men, developed prostate cancer.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
Mr. Day said that the consequences had been "catastrophic" for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children shunned in their communities.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
A cul de sac with homes burned to the foundation was visible from above.
The billing mix-up, for between $100,000 and $250,000, went unnoticed until after their legal defense fund paid out roughly $7 million in fees.
His attorney said he is disputing the accusations through the securities dealers association's hearing process.
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
United States State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said: 'It is our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference.
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Worldwide, the disease has now infected 6,727 people in 30 countries and caused 478 deaths.
"It would be completely irresponsible to reverse course and kill country-of-origin labeling," said Daschle.
Change will take time, but is necessary for the nation's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition, chief executive Bob Nardelli said.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
Lucas Goodrum, 21, of Scottsville was arrested Sunday in the death of Katie Autry, of Pellville.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
Police said they arrested a man on suspicion of burglary, which covers unauthorized entry.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
"We're pleased with the judge's decision," said Mark Herr, spokesman for Merrill Lynch.
Her lawyer, M. H. Reese Norris, called the decision an injustice and promised to appeal.
"From Justin to Kelly," starring "American Idol" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with only $2.9 million.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
"A more favorable job market was a major factor in the turnaround," said Lynn Franco, Director of the Conference Board Consumer Research Center.
The veteran rock group's four-disc DVD set, called Four Flicks and due Nov. 11 from TGA Entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's top sellers.
Compounding the pain for bonds, housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent, just beating forecasts of a flat outcome.
Her body was found at the foot of a back staircase in the couple's expensive home in Durham.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
The euro was at 126.38/43 yen little changed from its late U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.60 yen the same time on Tuesday.
The loss ends the run of four straight Williams vs. Williams major finals, all won by Serena.
"It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
The body's hair, sources said, appeared to be blond with dark roots, the same as Aronov's.
The state wanted every insurer doing business in California to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing its license to operate in the state.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
It added that unless the problems are fixed, "the scene is set for another accident."
Canadian officials have agreed to run a complementary threat response exercise.
"There is the real potential for a secondary collapse," Gov. James McGreevey said.
Certain to give Democrats hope was Bush's hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat; the president prevailed 43 percent to 38 percent.
Oracle followed with 33.8 percent of the market and Microsoft came in third with an 18 percent share.
Weather forecasters are sending out warnings for heavy rainfall that could wash out the tail end of the holiday weekend.
"It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses," said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
For legal purposes, J.P. Morgan and Citigroup neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements.
Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day — a glazed doughnut has 4 grams — can increase health risks.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
House Democrats are planning a series of town meetings throughout the nation this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill.
Opponents of the ban also are planning a protest rally at City Hall tomorrow at 1 p.m. to coincide with the scheduled start of the state ban.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
He fought for laws that kept his daughter segregated and in an inferior position.
Also Wednesday, a minibus detonated a roadside bomb in a Baghdad traffic tunnel, killing two people and wounding two others, hospital officials said.
Buchan responded by first noting that, in crafting the tax relief packages, "the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind."
The Ottoman Dignity will carry the oil to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast.
Sales fell to $3.3bn in 2002 as the bad news hit the US market.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Batters faced: Sheets 28, Vizcaino 2, DeJean 4, Clement 26, Alfonseca 4, Guthrie 2, Farnsworth 4.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
Then, suddenly, the ONS reported a fresh 0.6 per cent slump in manufacturing output.
Qantas issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks yesterday, as the airline warned of more job cuts owing to the ongoing impact of SARS on passenger demand.
The company said industrywide sales of consumer film in China during April and May were nearly half of the amount sold during the same two months a year ago.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach had been carrying 38 passengers.
A Chinese court yesterday jailed two people for life and imprisoned 12 others for organising a sex party involving hundreds of Japanese tourists.
It's one of the nicer rounds I have ever played and the best chance I have ever had of a 59."
The nurse, age 51, worked at North York General Hospital.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
Ohmer ruled the law warranted further review by the Missouri Supreme Court and would have caused irreparable harm had it taken effect Saturday.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
Muhammad and Malvo, 18, are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.
Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy in Bangkok, were among those targeted," the Singapore statement said.
A company spokesman declined to comment further Wednesday, and a Redding Medical Center official didn't immediately return telephone calls.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
The organizers of the University Games, which began Thursday, were hoping North Korea's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to this week's summit.
"Intel will use this advancement along with other innovations, such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors, to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law," he added.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
"I had no direct interest and Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state," he told a packed courtroom during a 45-minute address.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Kim Clijsters reached the French Open final for the second time, benefiting from a little luck Thursday to erase a set point and beating unseeded Nadia Petrova 7-5, 6-1.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
The study was published Thursday in The New England Journal of Medicine (news - web sites).
On Tuesday, the Nikkei Average dropped 107.08 points, or 1.3 percent, to close at 8,120.24.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
A magnitude 8 quake hit the area Friday, setting off a fire in another tank that consumed 188,700 barrels, of crude oil.
"The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
Yunos allegedly prepared the bombs' wiring while Al-Ghozi reportedly admitted preparing the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packing the explosives, the prosecutors said.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
Iraq is selling about 10 million barrels of oil that's currently in storage.
A 114-year-old Japanese woman who had assumed the title of the world's oldest person last month died Thursday, a spokesperson for Hiroshima city said.
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
All 180,000 DHS employees soon will receive a lapel pin and personalized certificate bearing the seal, DHS said.
Althardt said there was no indication that any of the sick children needed to be hospitalized.
Hatab suffered a broken hyoid bone, a U-shaped bone that supports the tongue.
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
A Global Crossing spokeswoman and a Pentagon spokesman declined to comment.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
His mother contacted the Federal Public Defender's office in Sacramento, which has agreed to handle his surrender, she says.
A $50 million plan to keep Detroit Receiving and Hutzel Women's hospitals open was offered Tuesday under proposed funding from state officials.
Dean aides estimated the plan would cost about $88 billion annually, and Dean said he would pay for it by eliminating portions of Bush's tax cuts.
Meanwhile, Harrison said, investigators were working through the holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
Consolidated operating income for the fourth quarter was $570 million, up 26% from the $452 million reported a year ago.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
Baz Luhrmann's opulent version of the Puccini opera will fold June 29 after a disappointing seven-month run and losses of about $6 million.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
The bodies of 17 undocumented immigrants who suffocated in a stifling trailer were discovered yesterday at a south Texas truck stop where smugglers had abandoned them.
If convicted of violating the Truth in Domain Names Act, Zuccarini could face up to four years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
Lawmakers at the closed-door hearing focused on the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq's chemical, biological and nuclear weapons programs.
This left the Eurotop 300 benchmark about six points off its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
Last year, he made his first foray into public politics, running a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
The court case does not include another rule, which also took effect Nov. 29, that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 47.9 points, or 0.52 percent, to 9,174.35.
Mitchell Garabedian, an attorney representing many young men who have claimed they were molested by Geoghan, said he was shocked and surprised to hear of the jail death.
Leung faces a sentence of up to 50 years if convicted on all counts.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several families who had hiked up hillsides ahead of rising water.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Both sets of findings were presented Dec. 1 at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.
Murdoch's family owns about 30 percent of News Corp. shares.
Duque arrived with Foale and Kaleri but will return to Earth with Lu and Malenchenko.
The talks, the first involving Washington and Pyongyang since April, had their share of fireworks.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
"We can presume that we've prevented a very large number of infections and some significant amount of clinical disease," he said.
In an editorial in the journal, two breast-cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast created a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
NASA officials are delicately seeking advice on what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces from Columbia, cautiously broaching the idea of putting some shuttle parts on display.
Customers can use Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003--available Monday--as a stepping stone to the final release this summer.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
The fire began about two hours later, the result of an explosion that was likely caused by a steam leak, officials said.
For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
"Clearly, the debate (over recent developments) has had an effect," says David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
Green wrote, The documents show that in one two-month period, Bennett wired more than $1.4 million to cover losses.
A subsequent report claimed that Jackson had actually become a member of the Nation of Islam.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates will address the forum.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
Monday said it has its first customer for its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License for SCO UNIX Rights.
Patients' rights advocates crashed it by squeezing into camera range, protesting the FMA's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
German prosecutors have ruled out any charges in Germany, meaning extradition "could happen very soon," Ullrich said.
The trial is entering a crucial stage as Italy prepares to assume the rotating presidency of the European Union on July 1.
"I've stopped looters, run political parties out of abandoned buildings, caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons," Williams said.
There were conflicting reports about the number of casualties yesterday.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
Nextel Partners Inc. NXTP.O , which provides wireless phone service, fell 59 cents, or 9.8 percent, to $5.41.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
Tennessee officials are setting up relief services and mobile communications in Jackson after power was wiped out in the town.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
South San Francisco's Genentech, the world's second-biggest biotechnology company, rose 6.6 percent to $66.73.
Wyoming and New Mexico both reported two deaths within the past week.
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
The April decline was the biggest since October, 2001.
"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it".
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.
The judge said Congress is the best forum for weighing the prescription drug importation issue.
NBC will probably end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.
Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple whose children move back home after college.
And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration does not have to share the wealth with coastal state governments.
The European Commission has developed a set of guidelines to help public administrators decide whether to migrate their enterprises to Open Source Software or not.
Thirty-seven per cent of CEOs who expect stronger profits cited reduced costs as the main reason.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
Aprils unemployment rate is the highest since late last year.
"New Yorkers didn't embrace these units like they could have," said Matthew Daus, chairman of the commission.
The NLC advised motorists to stay at home and petrol stations to shut down during the strike.
The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates at the bar association's annual meeting here.
Reacting to Thompson's attack, Ed Skyler, a spokesman for Bloomberg, said the controller's statements, "while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."
New chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one priority for David Jones as part of the review process.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
Today's barrage could have been a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of intensified attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
The final price will be the lower of a 5 per cent discount to the average trading price over the period or $5.50, the institutional placement price.
The Coast Guard airlifted the survivors to Bartlett Regional Hospital, Wetherell said.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
"For one thing, it says, 'Come on, it's working,' " said Don Marti, editor in chief of the Linux Journal.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
Since then, Acacia had only had supervised visits with her grandmother, she said.
The last month has been a whirlwind for an 18-year-old who led his high school team to the Ohio state championship.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
"For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs, there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers," said Steve Baker, an analyst with NPD Group.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
"I had never wanted the matter to come to court and have been overwhelmed by the whole court process and the media coverage that has surrounded the case.
The US will take on Canada in the third-place play-off in Carson on Saturday.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
The industry groups non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 during the month, up from Marchs reading of 47.9.
Named after the msblast.exe file that contains the program, MSBlast continued to spread to new computers on Thursday, but the rate of infection has slowed significantly.
The nation, Bush said, "will not stand by and wait for another attack, or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men."
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
Another recent study shows that about 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and an additional 5 million adults have it but do not know it.
A weak cold front could bring thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan.
"I feel that my supervision was inadequate," Minister of Health Twu Shiing-jer told parliament after he tendered his resignation to the island's premier.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
The plan, which Pataki has said is unconstitutional as written, would cost the state $5.1 billion over the next 30 years.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
"Arifin has disclosed to the ISD that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the government said.
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
Nottingham found speech is treated unequally because the list applies to calls from businesses but not charities.
"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete," Barrett said.
Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge.
Some opposition leaders said they would reserve comment until mourning was over, but others called for the immediate withdrawal of troops.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
There was no immediate comment from Savage, who did not respond to E-mail requests for an interview.
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
In the ensuing gun battle two Palestinian militants were killed and 17 people were wounded.
"If you have more turnovers, if you're at the bottom of the league in turnover ratio [Washington was 29th], your chances aren't good.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
ALBANY, N.Y. State Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno announced Friday he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer.
"The £5m would give BA a considerable return on the £5 it originally paid the government for the aircraft."
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
The local people say four Iraqis were killed and four were injured.
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
Tongue-in-cheek, it recounts incidents where the Chief Executive and his administration let the people of Hong Kong down.
The gunman, identified as Harold Kilpatrick Jr., 26, had left a note saying he "wanted to kill some people and die today."
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
The new department is charged with patrolling borders, analyzing U.S. intelligence, responding to emergencies and guarding against terrorism, among other tasks.
The broadside came during the recording Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said.
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
Several witnesses have told the court Bashir heads JI, accused of seeking to create an Islamic state in the region.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
A 32-count indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman.
Oran Smith, president of the Palmetto Family Council, said the assassination marked the end of America's innocence.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Militias also attacked local United Nations offices and, according to a United Nations spokesman, have fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
When ex-Mepham head coach Kevin McElroy walked into the court to testify, some of the victims' supporters turned their backs on him.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with "ELF" and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said.
The number of public WiFi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000 to 85,000 by the end of 2004, IDC said.
The launch marks the start of a new golden age in Mars exploration.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
Among those awaiting Schwarzenegger's decision was former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan.
As a precaution, NASA instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm's effects in the station's Russian module.
National City shares were down 15 cents to $32.43 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
The village last said sorry in 1993, when it presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots - which cannibals had tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat.
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
The vulnerability affects an interface with RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP port 135, according to Microsoft.
Smith, 59, is charged with fraud for allegedly filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung's reliability and with gross negligence for allegedly allowing her access to classified materials.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
Miss Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but what she did," Mr Comey continued.
THE compact disc could be history within five years after scientists invented a replacement the size of a fingertip.
Authorities questioned O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at the self-storage company.
The delay comes on the heels of Boeing Chairman Phil Condit's resignation Monday.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO employee Carl Griver, who used to work for Global Crossing.
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
Faced with these circumstances, Halliburton "is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia," Sumner wrote.
The three-story brick building has apartments on the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Café downstairs.
But the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.91 points, or 0.35 percent, at 1,674.35.
The teenager was in surgery at a hospital and the extent of his injuries was not available, police said.
But a senior State Department official said: "We'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify."
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
First Essex, with $1.8 billion of assets, employs about 360 people and operates 11 offices in Massachusetts and nine in southern New Hampshire.
Mark Longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs, said that Kempthorne has "shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection."
Stanford bested a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster, as well as 13-year-old phenom Michelle Wie.
But those modest gains weren't nearly enough to offset the loss of 43,000 jobs in Santa Clara County and 18,000 jobs in the San Francisco-Peninsula-Marin area.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
The stunning art robbery on Sunday was one of the biggest in Europe in recent years.
The new orders index rose to 52.2 percent from 51.9 percent in May.
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared to 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.
"I would rather be talking about positive numbers than negative.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
The Tuesday Supreme Court announcement stems from an appeal involving Michael Newdow, a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter, like most elementary schoolchildren, hears the pledge recited daily.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
Immunizing mice with pneumococcusleads tothe generation of antibodies that the researchers think lead to the protection from heart disease, he said.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
He said McKevitt was "the man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands".
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
The Ministry of Defence said that "an investigation is being conducted into allegations that have been made against a British officer who was serving in Iraq".
Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if he did not return, the witness testified.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
That kept the records sealed as Limbaugh's attorneys prepared to file an appeal.
States of emergency were declared in all four states as well as West Virginia, Delaware, New Jersey and Washington DC.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
PwC itself paid $5m last year over alleged violations of independence rules.
The addition of the house shooting expands the investigation area east by two miles, with the police now examining a seven-mile section of the freeway.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
Remaining shares will be held by QVC's management.
The New York Yankees took third baseman Eric Duncan from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey with the 27th pick.
Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in San Jose, and authorities said they expected him back in New Hampshire on Tuesday.
"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel," said Silver.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
Bethany Hamilton remained in stable condition Saturday after the attack Friday morning.
Last week the power station’s US owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
